NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               2m           98Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               2m           98Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               2m           98Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               2m           98Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               2m           98Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               2m           98Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               2m           98Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               2m           98Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               2m           98Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               2m           98Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               2m           98Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               2m           98Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               2m           98Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               2m           98Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               2m           98Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               2m           98Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               2m           98Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               2m           98Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               2m           98Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               2m           98Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               2m           98Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               2m           98Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               2m           98Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               2m           98Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               2m           98Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               2m           98Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               2m           98Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               2m           98Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               2m           98Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               2m           98Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               2m           98Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               2m           98Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               2m           98Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               2m           98Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               2m           98Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               2m           98Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               11m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             56m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           8Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         73m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 102m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   36m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   24m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               11m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             56m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           8Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         73m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 102m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   36m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   24m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               11m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             56m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           8Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         73m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 102m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   36m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   24m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               11m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             56m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           8Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         73m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 102m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   36m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   24m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               11m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             56m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           8Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         73m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 102m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   36m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   24m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               11m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             56m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           8Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         73m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 102m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   36m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   24m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               11m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             56m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           8Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         73m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 102m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   36m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   24m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               11m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             56m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           8Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         73m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 102m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   36m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   24m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               11m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             56m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           8Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         73m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 102m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   36m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   24m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               11m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             56m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           8Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         73m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 102m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   36m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   24m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               11m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             56m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           8Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         73m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 102m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   36m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   24m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               11m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             56m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           8Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         73m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 102m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   36m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   24m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               11m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             56m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           8Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         73m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 102m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   36m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   24m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               11m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             56m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           8Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         73m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 102m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   36m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   24m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               11m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             56m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           8Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         73m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 102m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   36m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   24m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               11m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             56m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           8Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         73m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 102m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   36m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   24m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               11m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             56m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           8Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         73m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 102m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   36m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   24m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               11m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             56m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           8Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         73m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 102m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   36m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   24m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               11m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             56m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           8Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         73m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 102m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   36m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   24m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               11m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             56m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           8Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         73m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 102m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   36m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   24m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               11m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             56m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           8Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         73m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 102m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   36m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   24m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               11m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             56m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           8Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         73m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 102m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   36m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   24m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               11m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             56m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           8Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         73m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 102m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   36m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   24m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               11m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             56m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           8Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         73m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 102m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   36m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   24m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               11m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             56m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           8Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         73m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 102m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   36m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   24m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               11m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             56m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           8Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         73m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 102m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   36m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   24m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               11m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             56m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           8Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         73m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 102m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   36m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   24m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               11m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             56m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           8Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         73m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 102m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   36m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   24m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               11m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             56m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           8Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         73m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 102m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   36m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   24m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               11m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             56m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           8Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         73m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 102m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   36m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   24m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               11m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             56m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           8Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         73m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 102m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   36m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   24m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               11m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             56m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           8Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         73m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 102m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   36m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   24m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               11m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             56m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           8Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         73m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 102m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   36m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   24m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               11m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             56m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           8Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         73m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 102m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   36m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   24m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               11m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             56m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           8Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         73m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 102m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   36m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   24m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               11m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             56m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           8Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         73m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 102m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   36m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   24m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               11m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             56m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           8Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         73m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 102m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   36m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   24m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               11m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             56m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           8Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         73m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 102m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   36m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   24m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               11m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             56m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           8Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         73m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 102m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   36m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   24m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               11m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             56m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           8Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         73m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 102m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   36m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   24m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               11m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             56m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           8Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         73m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 102m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   36m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   24m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               11m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             56m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           8Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         73m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 102m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   36m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   24m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               11m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             56m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           8Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         73m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 102m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   36m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   24m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               11m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             56m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           8Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         73m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 102m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   36m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   24m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               11m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             56m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           8Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         73m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 102m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   36m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   24m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               11m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             56m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           8Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         73m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 102m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   36m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   24m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               11m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             56m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           8Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         73m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 102m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   36m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   24m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               11m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             56m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           8Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         73m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 102m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   36m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   24m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               11m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             56m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           8Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         73m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 102m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   36m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   24m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               11m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             56m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           8Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         73m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 102m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   36m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   24m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               11m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             56m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           8Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         73m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 102m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   36m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   24m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               11m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             56m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           8Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         73m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 102m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   36m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   24m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               11m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             56m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           8Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         73m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 102m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   36m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   24m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               11m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             56m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           8Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         73m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 102m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   36m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   24m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               11m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             56m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           8Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         73m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 102m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   36m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   24m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               11m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             56m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           8Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         73m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 102m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   36m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   24m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               11m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             56m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           8Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         73m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 102m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   36m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   24m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               15m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             92m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         125m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 180m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   64m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   41m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               15m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             92m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         125m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 180m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   64m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   41m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               15m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             92m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         125m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 180m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   64m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   41m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               15m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             92m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         125m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 180m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   64m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   41m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               15m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             92m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         125m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 180m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   64m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   41m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               15m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             92m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         125m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 180m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   64m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   41m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               15m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             92m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         125m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 180m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   64m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   41m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               15m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             92m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         125m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 180m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   64m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   41m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               15m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             92m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         125m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 180m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   64m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   41m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               15m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             92m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         125m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 180m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   64m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   41m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               15m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             92m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         125m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 180m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   64m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   41m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               15m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             92m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         125m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 180m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   64m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   41m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               15m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             92m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         125m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 180m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   64m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   41m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               15m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             92m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         125m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 180m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   64m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   41m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               15m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             92m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         125m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 180m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   64m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   41m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               15m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             92m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         125m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 180m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   64m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   41m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               15m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             92m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         125m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 180m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   64m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   41m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               15m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             92m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         125m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 180m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   64m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   41m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               15m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             92m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         125m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 180m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   64m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   41m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               15m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             92m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         125m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 180m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   64m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   41m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               15m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             92m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         125m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 180m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   64m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   41m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               15m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             92m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         125m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 180m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   64m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   41m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               15m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             92m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         125m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 180m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   64m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   41m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               15m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             92m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         125m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 180m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   64m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   41m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               15m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             92m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         125m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 180m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   64m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   41m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               15m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             92m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         125m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 180m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   64m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   41m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               15m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             92m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         125m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 180m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   64m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   41m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               15m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             92m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         125m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 180m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   64m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   41m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               15m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             92m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         125m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 180m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   64m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   41m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               15m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             92m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         125m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 180m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   64m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   41m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               15m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             92m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         125m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 180m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   64m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   41m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               15m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             92m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         125m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 180m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   64m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   41m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               15m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             92m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         125m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 180m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   64m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   41m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               15m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             92m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         125m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 180m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   64m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   41m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               15m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             92m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         125m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 180m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   64m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   41m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               15m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             92m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         125m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 180m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   64m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   41m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               15m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             92m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         125m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 180m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   64m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   41m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               15m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             92m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         125m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 180m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   64m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   41m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               15m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             92m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         125m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 180m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   64m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   41m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               15m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             92m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         125m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 180m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   64m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   41m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               15m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             92m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         125m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 180m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   64m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   41m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               15m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             92m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         125m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 180m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   64m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   41m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               15m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             92m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         125m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 180m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   64m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   41m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               15m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             92m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         125m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 180m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   64m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   41m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               15m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             92m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         125m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 180m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   64m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   41m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               15m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             92m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         125m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 180m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   64m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   41m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               15m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             92m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         125m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 180m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   64m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   41m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               15m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             92m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         125m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 180m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   64m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   41m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               15m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             92m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         125m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 180m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   64m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   41m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               15m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             92m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         125m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 180m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   64m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   41m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               15m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             92m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         125m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 180m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   64m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   41m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               15m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             92m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         125m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 180m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   64m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   41m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               15m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             92m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         125m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 180m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   64m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   41m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               15m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             92m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         125m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 180m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   64m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   41m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               15m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             92m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         125m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 180m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   64m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   41m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               15m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             92m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         125m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 180m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   64m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   41m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               15m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             92m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         125m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 180m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   64m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   41m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               17m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             65m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         134m         31Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 191m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   68m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               17m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             65m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         134m         31Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 191m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   68m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               17m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             65m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         134m         31Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 191m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   68m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               17m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             65m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         134m         31Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 191m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   68m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               17m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             65m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         134m         31Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 191m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   68m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               17m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             65m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         134m         31Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 191m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   68m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               17m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             65m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         134m         31Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 191m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   68m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               17m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             65m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         134m         31Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 191m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   68m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               17m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             65m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         134m         31Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 191m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   68m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               17m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             65m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         134m         31Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 191m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   68m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               17m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             65m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         134m         31Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 191m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   68m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               17m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             65m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         134m         31Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 191m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   68m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               17m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             65m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         134m         31Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 191m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   68m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               17m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             65m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         134m         31Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 191m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   68m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               17m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             65m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         134m         31Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 191m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   68m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               17m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             65m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         134m         31Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 191m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   68m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               17m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             65m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         134m         31Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 191m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   68m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               17m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             65m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         134m         31Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 191m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   68m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               17m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             65m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         134m         31Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 191m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   68m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               17m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             65m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         134m         31Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 191m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   68m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               17m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             65m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         134m         31Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 191m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   68m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               17m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             65m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         134m         31Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 191m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   68m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               17m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             65m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         134m         31Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 191m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   68m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               17m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             65m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         134m         31Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 191m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   68m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               17m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             65m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         134m         31Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 191m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   68m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               17m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             65m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         134m         31Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 191m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   68m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               17m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             65m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         134m         31Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 191m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   68m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               17m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             65m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         134m         31Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 191m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   68m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               17m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             65m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         134m         31Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 191m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   68m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               17m          99Mi            
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             65m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         134m         31Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 191m         15Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   68m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   42m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           8Mi             
