NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             103m         34Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        117m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                179m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   40m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             103m         34Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        117m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                179m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   40m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             103m         34Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        117m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                179m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   40m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             103m         34Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        117m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                179m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   40m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             103m         34Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        117m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                179m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   40m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             103m         34Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        117m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                179m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   40m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             103m         34Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        117m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                179m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   40m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             103m         34Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        117m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                179m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   40m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             103m         34Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        117m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                179m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   40m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             103m         34Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        117m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                179m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   40m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             103m         34Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        117m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                179m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   40m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             103m         34Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        117m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                179m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   40m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             103m         34Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        117m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                179m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   40m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             103m         34Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        117m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                179m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   40m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             103m         34Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        117m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                179m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   40m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             103m         34Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        117m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                179m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   40m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             103m         34Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        117m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                179m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   40m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             103m         34Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        117m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                179m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   40m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             103m         34Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        117m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                179m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   40m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             103m         34Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        117m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                179m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   40m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             103m         34Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        117m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                179m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   40m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             103m         34Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        117m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                179m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   40m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             103m         34Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        117m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                179m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   40m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             103m         34Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        117m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                179m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   40m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             103m         34Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        117m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                179m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   40m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             103m         34Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        117m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                179m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   40m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             103m         34Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        117m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                179m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   40m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             103m         34Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        117m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                179m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   40m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             103m         34Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        117m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                179m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   40m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             103m         34Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        117m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                179m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   40m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             103m         34Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        117m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                179m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   40m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             103m         34Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        117m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                179m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   40m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             103m         34Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        117m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                179m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   40m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             103m         34Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        117m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                179m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   40m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             103m         34Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        117m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                179m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   40m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             103m         34Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        117m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                179m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   40m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             103m         34Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        117m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                179m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   40m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             103m         34Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        117m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                179m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   40m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             103m         34Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        117m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                179m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   40m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             103m         34Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        117m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                179m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   40m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             103m         34Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        117m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                179m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   40m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             103m         34Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        117m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                179m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   40m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             103m         34Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        117m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                179m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   40m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             103m         34Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        117m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                179m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   40m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             103m         34Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        117m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                179m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   40m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             103m         34Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        117m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                179m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   40m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             103m         34Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        117m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                179m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   40m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             103m         34Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        117m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                179m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   40m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             103m         34Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        117m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                179m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   40m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             103m         34Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        117m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                179m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   40m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             103m         34Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        117m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                179m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   40m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             103m         34Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        117m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                179m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   40m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             103m         34Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        117m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                179m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   40m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             103m         34Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        117m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                179m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   40m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             103m         34Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        117m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                179m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   40m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             103m         34Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        117m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                179m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   40m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             65m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        126m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   70m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   43m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             65m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        126m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   70m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   43m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             65m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        126m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   70m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   43m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             65m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        126m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   70m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   43m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             65m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        126m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   70m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   43m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             65m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        126m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   70m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   43m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             65m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        126m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   70m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   43m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             65m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        126m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   70m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   43m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             65m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        126m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   70m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   43m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             65m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        126m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   70m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   43m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             65m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        126m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   70m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   43m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             65m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        126m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   70m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   43m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             65m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        126m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   70m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   43m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             65m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        126m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   70m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   43m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             65m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        126m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   70m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   43m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             65m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        126m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   70m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   43m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             65m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        126m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   70m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   43m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             65m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        126m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   70m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   43m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             65m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        126m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   70m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   43m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             65m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        126m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   70m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   43m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             65m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        126m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   70m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   43m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             65m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        126m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   70m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   43m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             65m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        126m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   70m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   43m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             65m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        126m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   70m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   43m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             65m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        126m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   70m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   43m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             65m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        126m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   70m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   43m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             65m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        126m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   70m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   43m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             65m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        126m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   70m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   43m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             65m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        126m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   70m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   43m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             65m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        126m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   70m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   43m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             65m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        126m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   70m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   43m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             65m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        126m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   70m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   43m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             65m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        126m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   70m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   43m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             65m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        126m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   70m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   43m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             65m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        126m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   70m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   43m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             65m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        126m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   70m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   43m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             65m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        126m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   70m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   43m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             65m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        126m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   70m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   43m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             65m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        126m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   70m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   43m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             65m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        126m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   70m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   43m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             65m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        126m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   70m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   43m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             65m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        126m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   70m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   43m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             65m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        126m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   70m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   43m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             65m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        126m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   70m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   43m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             65m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        126m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   70m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   43m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             65m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        126m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   70m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   43m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             65m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        126m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   70m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   43m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             65m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        126m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   70m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   43m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             65m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        126m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   70m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   43m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             65m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        126m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   70m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   43m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             65m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        126m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   70m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   43m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             65m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        126m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   70m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   43m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             65m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        126m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   70m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   43m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             65m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        126m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   70m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   43m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             65m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        126m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   70m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   43m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             65m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        126m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   70m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   43m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             65m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        126m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   70m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   43m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              15m          99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             65m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        128m         31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                198m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   44m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              15m          99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             65m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        128m         31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                198m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   44m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              15m          99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             65m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        128m         31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                198m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   44m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              15m          99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             65m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        128m         31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                198m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   44m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              15m          99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             65m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        128m         31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                198m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   44m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              15m          99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             65m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        128m         31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                198m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   44m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              15m          99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             65m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        128m         31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                198m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   44m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              15m          99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             65m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        128m         31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                198m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   44m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              15m          99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             65m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        128m         31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                198m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   44m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              15m          99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             65m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        128m         31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                198m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   44m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              15m          99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             65m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        128m         31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                198m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   44m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              15m          99Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             65m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        128m         31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                198m         15Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   44m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
