NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           104Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           104Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           104Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           104Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           104Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           104Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           104Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           104Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           104Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           104Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           104Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           104Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           104Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           104Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           104Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           104Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           104Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           104Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           104Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           104Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           104Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           104Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           104Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           104Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           104Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           104Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               9m           104Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             45m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         61m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 84m          18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   30m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   25m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               9m           104Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             45m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         61m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 84m          18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   30m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   25m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               9m           104Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             45m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         61m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 84m          18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   30m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   25m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               9m           104Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             45m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         61m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 84m          18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   30m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   25m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               9m           104Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             45m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         61m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 84m          18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   30m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   25m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               9m           104Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             45m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         61m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 84m          18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   30m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   25m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               9m           104Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             45m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         61m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 84m          18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   30m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   25m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               9m           104Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             45m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         61m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 84m          18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   30m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   25m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               9m           104Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             45m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         61m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 84m          18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   30m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   25m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               9m           104Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             45m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         61m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 84m          18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   30m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   25m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               9m           104Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             45m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         61m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 84m          18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   30m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   25m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               9m           104Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             45m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         61m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 84m          18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   30m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   25m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               9m           104Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             45m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         61m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 84m          18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   30m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   25m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               9m           104Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             45m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         61m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 84m          18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   30m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   25m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               9m           104Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             45m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         61m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 84m          18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   30m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   25m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               9m           104Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             45m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         61m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 84m          18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   30m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   25m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               9m           104Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             45m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         61m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 84m          18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   30m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   25m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               9m           104Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             45m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         61m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 84m          18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   30m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   25m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               9m           104Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             45m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         61m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 84m          18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   30m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   25m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               9m           104Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             45m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         61m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 84m          18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   30m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   25m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               9m           104Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             45m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         61m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 84m          18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   30m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   25m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               9m           104Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             45m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         61m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 84m          18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   30m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   25m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               9m           104Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             45m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         61m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 84m          18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   30m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   25m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               9m           104Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             45m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         61m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 84m          18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   30m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   25m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               9m           104Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             45m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         61m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 84m          18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   30m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   25m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               9m           104Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             45m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         61m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 84m          18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   30m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   25m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               9m           104Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             45m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         61m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 84m          18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   30m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   25m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               9m           104Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             45m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         61m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 84m          18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   30m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   25m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               9m           104Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             45m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         61m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 84m          18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   30m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   25m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               9m           104Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             45m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         61m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 84m          18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   30m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   25m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               9m           104Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             45m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         61m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 84m          18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   30m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   25m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               9m           104Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             45m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         61m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 84m          18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   30m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   25m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               9m           104Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             45m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         61m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 84m          18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   30m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   25m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               9m           104Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             45m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         61m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 84m          18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   30m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   25m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               9m           104Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             45m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         61m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 84m          18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   30m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   25m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               9m           104Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             45m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         61m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 84m          18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   30m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   25m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               9m           104Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             45m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         61m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 84m          18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   30m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   25m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               9m           104Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             45m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         61m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 84m          18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   30m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   25m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               9m           104Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             45m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         61m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 84m          18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   30m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   25m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               9m           104Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             45m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         61m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 84m          18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   30m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   25m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               9m           104Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             45m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         61m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 84m          18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   30m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   25m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               9m           104Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             45m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         61m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 84m          18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   30m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   25m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               9m           104Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             45m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         61m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 84m          18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   30m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   25m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               9m           104Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             45m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         61m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 84m          18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   30m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   25m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               9m           104Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             45m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         61m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 84m          18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   30m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   25m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               9m           104Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             45m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         61m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 84m          18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   30m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   25m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               9m           104Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             45m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         61m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 84m          18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   30m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   25m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               9m           104Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             45m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         61m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 84m          18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   30m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   25m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               9m           104Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             45m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         61m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 84m          18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   30m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   25m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               9m           104Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             45m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         61m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 84m          18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   30m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   25m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               9m           104Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             45m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         61m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 84m          18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   30m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   25m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               9m           104Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             45m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         61m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 84m          18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   30m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   25m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               9m           104Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             45m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         61m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 84m          18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   30m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   25m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               9m           104Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             45m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         61m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 84m          18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   30m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   25m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               9m           104Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             45m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         61m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 84m          18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   30m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   25m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               9m           104Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             45m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         61m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 84m          18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   30m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   25m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               9m           104Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             45m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         61m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 84m          18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   30m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   25m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               20m          104Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             75m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         138m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   62m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               20m          104Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             75m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         138m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   62m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               20m          104Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             75m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         138m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   62m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               20m          104Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             75m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         138m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   62m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               20m          104Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             75m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         138m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   62m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               20m          104Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             75m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         138m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   62m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               20m          104Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             75m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         138m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   62m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               20m          104Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             75m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         138m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   62m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               20m          104Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             75m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         138m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   62m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               20m          104Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             75m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         138m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   62m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               20m          104Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             75m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         138m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   62m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               20m          104Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             75m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         138m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   62m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               20m          104Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             75m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         138m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   62m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               20m          104Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             75m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         138m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   62m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               20m          104Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             75m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         138m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   62m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               20m          104Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             75m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         138m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   62m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               20m          104Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             75m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         138m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   62m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               20m          104Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             75m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         138m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   62m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               20m          104Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             75m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         138m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   62m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               20m          104Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             75m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         138m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   62m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               20m          104Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             75m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         138m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   62m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               20m          104Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             75m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         138m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   62m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               20m          104Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             75m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         138m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   62m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               20m          104Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             75m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         138m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   62m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               20m          104Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             75m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         138m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   62m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               20m          104Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             75m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         138m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   62m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               20m          104Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             75m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         138m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   62m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               20m          104Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             75m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         138m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   62m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               20m          104Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             75m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         138m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   62m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               20m          104Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             75m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         138m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   62m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               20m          104Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             75m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         138m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   62m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               20m          104Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             75m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         138m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   62m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               20m          104Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             75m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         138m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   62m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               20m          104Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             75m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         138m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   62m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               20m          104Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             75m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         138m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   62m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               20m          104Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             75m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         138m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   62m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               20m          104Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             75m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         138m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   62m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               20m          104Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             75m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         138m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   62m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               20m          104Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             75m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         138m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   62m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               20m          104Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             75m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         138m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   62m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               20m          104Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             75m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         138m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   62m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               20m          104Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             75m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         138m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   62m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               20m          104Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             75m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         138m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   62m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               20m          104Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             75m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         138m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   62m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               20m          104Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             75m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         138m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   62m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               20m          104Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             75m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         138m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   62m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               20m          104Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             75m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         138m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   62m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               20m          104Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             75m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         138m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   62m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               20m          104Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             75m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         138m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   62m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               20m          104Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             75m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         138m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   62m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               20m          104Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             75m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         138m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   62m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               20m          104Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             75m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         138m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   62m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               20m          104Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             75m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         138m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   62m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               20m          104Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             75m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         138m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   62m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               20m          104Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             75m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         138m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   62m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               20m          104Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             75m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         138m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   62m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             64m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         137m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 190m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   61m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             64m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         137m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 190m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   61m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             64m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         137m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 190m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   61m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             64m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         137m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 190m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   61m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             64m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         137m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 190m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   61m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             64m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         137m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 190m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   61m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             64m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         137m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 190m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   61m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             64m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         137m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 190m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   61m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             64m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         137m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 190m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   61m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             64m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         137m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 190m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   61m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             64m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         137m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 190m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   61m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             64m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         137m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 190m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   61m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             64m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         137m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 190m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   61m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             64m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         137m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 190m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   61m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             64m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         137m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 190m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   61m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             64m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         137m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 190m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   61m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             64m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         137m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 190m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   61m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             64m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         137m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 190m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   61m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             64m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         137m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 190m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   61m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             64m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         137m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 190m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   61m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             64m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         137m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 190m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   61m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             64m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         137m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 190m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   61m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             64m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         137m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 190m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   61m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             64m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         137m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 190m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   61m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             64m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         137m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 190m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   61m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             64m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         137m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 190m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   61m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             64m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         137m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 190m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   61m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             64m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         137m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 190m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   61m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             64m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         137m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 190m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   61m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             64m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         137m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 190m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   61m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             64m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         137m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 190m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   61m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             64m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         137m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 190m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   61m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             64m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         137m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 190m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   61m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             64m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         137m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 190m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   61m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             64m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         137m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 190m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   61m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             64m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         137m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 190m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   61m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             64m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         137m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 190m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   61m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             64m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         137m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 190m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   61m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             64m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         137m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 190m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   61m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             64m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         137m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 190m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   61m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             64m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         137m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 190m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   61m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
