NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           104Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           104Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           104Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           104Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           104Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           104Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           104Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           104Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           104Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           104Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           104Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           104Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           104Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           104Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           104Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           104Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           104Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           104Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           104Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           104Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           104Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           104Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           104Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           104Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           104Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           104Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           104Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           104Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           104Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           104Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           104Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           104Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           104Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           104Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           104Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               11m          104Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             42m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         79m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 109m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   39m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   33m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               11m          104Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             42m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         79m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 109m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   39m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   33m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               11m          104Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             42m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         79m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 109m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   39m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   33m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               11m          104Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             42m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         79m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 109m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   39m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   33m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               11m          104Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             42m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         79m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 109m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   39m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   33m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               11m          104Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             42m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         79m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 109m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   39m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   33m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               11m          104Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             42m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         79m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 109m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   39m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   33m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               11m          104Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             42m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         79m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 109m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   39m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   33m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               11m          104Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             42m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         79m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 109m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   39m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   33m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               11m          104Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             42m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         79m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 109m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   39m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   33m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               11m          104Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             42m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         79m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 109m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   39m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   33m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               11m          104Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             42m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         79m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 109m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   39m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   33m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               11m          104Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             42m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         79m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 109m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   39m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   33m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               11m          104Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             42m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         79m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 109m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   39m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   33m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               11m          104Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             42m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         79m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 109m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   39m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   33m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               11m          104Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             42m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         79m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 109m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   39m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   33m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               11m          104Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             42m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         79m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 109m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   39m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   33m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               11m          104Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             42m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         79m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 109m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   39m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   33m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               11m          104Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             42m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         79m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 109m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   39m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   33m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               11m          104Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             42m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         79m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 109m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   39m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   33m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               11m          104Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             42m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         79m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 109m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   39m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   33m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               11m          104Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             42m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         79m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 109m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   39m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   33m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               11m          104Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             42m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         79m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 109m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   39m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   33m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               11m          104Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             42m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         79m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 109m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   39m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   33m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               11m          104Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             42m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         79m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 109m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   39m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   33m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               11m          104Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             42m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         79m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 109m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   39m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   33m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               11m          104Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             42m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         79m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 109m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   39m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   33m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               11m          104Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             42m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         79m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 109m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   39m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   33m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               11m          104Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             42m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         79m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 109m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   39m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   33m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               11m          104Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             42m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         79m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 109m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   39m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   33m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               11m          104Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             42m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         79m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 109m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   39m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   33m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               11m          104Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             42m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         79m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 109m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   39m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   33m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               11m          104Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             42m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         79m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 109m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   39m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   33m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               11m          104Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             42m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         79m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 109m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   39m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   33m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               11m          104Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             42m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         79m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 109m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   39m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   33m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               11m          104Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             42m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         79m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 109m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   39m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   33m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               11m          104Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             42m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         79m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 109m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   39m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   33m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               11m          104Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             42m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         79m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 109m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   39m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   33m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               11m          104Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             42m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         79m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 109m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   39m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   33m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               11m          104Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             42m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         79m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 109m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   39m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   33m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               11m          104Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             42m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         79m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 109m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   39m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   33m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               11m          104Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             42m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         79m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 109m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   39m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   33m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               11m          104Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             42m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         79m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 109m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   39m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   33m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               11m          104Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             42m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         79m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 109m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   39m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   33m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               11m          104Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             42m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         79m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 109m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   39m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   33m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               11m          104Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             42m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         79m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 109m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   39m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   33m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               11m          104Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             42m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         79m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 109m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   39m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   33m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               11m          104Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             42m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         79m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 109m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   39m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   33m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               11m          104Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             42m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         79m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 109m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   39m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   33m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               11m          104Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             42m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         79m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 109m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   39m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   33m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               11m          104Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             42m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         79m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 109m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   39m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   33m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               11m          104Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             42m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         79m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 109m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   39m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   33m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               11m          104Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             42m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         79m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 109m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   39m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   33m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               11m          104Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             42m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         79m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 109m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   39m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   33m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               11m          104Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             42m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         79m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 109m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   39m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   33m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               11m          104Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             42m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         79m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 109m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   39m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   33m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               11m          104Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             42m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         79m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 109m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   39m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   33m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              4m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             73m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 194m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   62m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             73m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 194m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   62m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             73m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 194m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   62m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             73m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 194m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   62m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             73m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 194m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   62m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             73m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 194m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   62m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             73m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 194m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   62m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             73m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 194m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   62m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             73m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 194m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   62m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             73m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 194m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   62m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             73m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 194m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   62m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             73m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 194m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   62m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             73m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 194m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   62m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             73m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 194m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   62m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             73m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 194m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   62m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             73m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 194m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   62m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             73m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 194m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   62m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             73m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 194m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   62m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             73m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 194m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   62m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             73m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 194m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   62m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             73m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 194m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   62m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             73m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 194m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   62m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             73m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 194m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   62m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             73m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 194m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   62m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             73m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 194m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   62m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             73m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 194m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   62m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             73m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 194m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   62m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             73m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 194m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   62m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             73m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 194m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   62m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             73m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 194m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   62m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             73m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 194m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   62m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             73m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 194m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   62m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             73m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 194m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   62m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             73m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 194m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   62m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             73m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 194m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   62m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             73m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 194m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   62m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             73m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 194m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   62m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             73m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 194m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   62m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             73m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 194m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   62m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             73m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 194m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   62m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             73m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 194m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   62m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             73m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 194m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   62m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             73m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 194m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   62m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             73m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 194m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   62m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             73m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 194m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   62m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             73m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 194m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   62m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             73m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 194m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   62m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             73m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 194m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   62m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             73m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 194m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   62m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             73m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 194m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   62m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             73m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 194m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   62m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             73m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 194m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   62m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             73m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 194m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   62m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             73m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 194m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   62m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             73m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 194m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   62m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             73m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 194m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   62m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             73m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 194m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   62m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          104Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             68m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         131m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 184m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   58m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          104Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             68m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         131m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 184m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   58m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          104Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             68m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         131m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 184m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   58m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          104Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             68m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         131m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 184m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   58m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          104Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             68m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         131m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 184m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   58m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          104Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             68m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         131m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 184m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   58m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          104Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             68m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         131m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 184m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   58m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          104Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             68m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         131m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 184m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   58m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          104Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             68m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         131m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 184m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   58m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          104Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             68m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         131m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 184m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   58m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          104Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             68m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         131m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 184m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   58m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          104Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             68m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         131m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 184m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   58m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          104Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             68m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         131m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 184m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   58m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          104Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             68m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         131m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 184m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   58m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          104Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             68m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         131m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 184m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   58m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          104Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             68m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         131m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 184m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   58m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          104Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             68m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         131m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 184m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   58m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          104Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             68m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         131m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 184m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   58m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          104Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             68m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         131m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 184m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   58m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          104Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             68m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         131m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 184m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   58m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          104Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             68m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         131m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 184m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   58m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          104Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             68m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         131m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 184m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   58m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          104Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             68m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         131m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 184m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   58m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          104Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             68m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         131m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 184m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   58m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          104Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             68m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         131m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 184m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   58m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          104Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             68m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         131m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 184m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   58m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          104Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             68m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         131m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 184m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   58m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          104Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             68m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         131m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 184m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   58m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          104Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             68m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         131m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 184m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   58m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          104Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             68m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         131m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 184m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   58m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          104Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             68m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         131m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 184m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   58m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
