NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               7m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             42m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         48m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                73m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    27m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   21m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               7m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             42m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         48m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                73m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    27m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   21m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               7m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             42m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         48m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                73m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    27m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   21m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               7m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             42m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         48m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                73m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    27m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   21m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               7m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             42m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         48m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                73m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    27m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   21m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               7m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             42m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         48m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                73m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    27m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   21m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               7m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             42m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         48m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                73m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    27m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   21m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               7m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             42m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         48m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                73m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    27m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   21m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               7m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             42m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         48m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                73m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    27m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   21m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               7m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             42m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         48m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                73m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    27m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   21m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               7m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             42m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         48m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                73m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    27m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   21m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               7m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             42m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         48m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                73m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    27m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   21m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               7m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             42m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         48m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                73m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    27m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   21m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               7m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             42m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         48m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                73m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    27m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   21m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               7m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             42m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         48m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                73m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    27m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   21m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               7m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             42m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         48m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                73m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    27m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   21m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               7m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             42m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         48m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                73m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    27m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   21m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               7m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             42m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         48m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                73m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    27m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   21m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               7m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             42m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         48m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                73m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    27m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   21m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               7m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             42m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         48m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                73m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    27m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   21m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               7m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             42m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         48m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                73m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    27m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   21m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               7m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             42m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         48m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                73m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    27m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   21m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               7m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             42m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         48m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                73m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    27m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   21m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               7m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             42m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         48m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                73m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    27m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   21m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               7m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             42m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         48m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                73m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    27m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   21m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               7m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             42m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         48m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                73m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    27m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   21m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               7m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             42m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         48m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                73m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    27m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   21m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               7m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             42m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         48m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                73m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    27m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   21m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               7m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             42m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         48m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                73m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    27m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   21m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               7m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             42m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         48m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                73m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    27m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   21m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               7m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             42m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         48m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                73m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    27m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   21m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               7m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             42m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         48m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                73m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    27m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   21m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               7m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             42m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         48m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                73m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    27m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   21m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               7m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             42m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         48m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                73m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    27m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   21m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               7m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             42m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         48m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                73m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    27m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   21m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               7m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             42m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         48m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                73m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    27m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   21m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               7m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             42m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         48m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                73m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    27m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   21m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               7m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             42m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         48m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                73m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    27m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   21m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               7m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             42m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         48m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                73m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    27m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   21m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               7m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             42m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         48m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                73m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    27m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   21m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               7m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             42m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         48m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                73m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    27m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   21m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               7m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             42m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         48m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                73m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    27m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   21m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               7m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             42m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         48m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                73m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    27m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   21m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               7m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             42m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         48m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                73m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    27m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   21m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               7m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             42m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         48m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                73m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    27m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   21m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               7m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             42m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         48m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                73m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    27m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   21m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               7m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             42m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         48m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                73m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    27m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   21m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               7m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             42m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         48m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                73m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    27m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   21m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               7m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             42m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         48m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                73m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    27m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   21m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               7m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             42m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         48m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                73m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    27m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   21m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               7m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             42m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         48m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                73m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    27m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   21m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               7m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             42m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         48m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                73m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    27m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   21m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               7m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             42m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         48m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                73m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    27m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   21m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               7m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             42m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         48m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                73m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    27m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   21m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               7m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             42m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         48m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                73m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    27m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   21m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               7m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             42m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         48m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                73m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    27m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   21m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               7m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             42m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         48m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                73m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    27m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   21m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               14m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             79m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         117m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                180m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   48m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               14m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             79m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         117m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                180m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   48m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               14m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             79m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         117m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                180m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   48m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               14m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             79m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         117m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                180m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   48m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               14m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             79m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         117m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                180m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   48m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               14m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             79m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         117m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                180m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   48m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               14m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             79m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         117m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                180m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   48m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               14m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             79m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         117m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                180m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   48m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               14m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             79m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         117m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                180m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   48m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               14m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             79m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         117m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                180m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   48m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               14m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             79m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         117m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                180m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   48m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               14m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             79m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         117m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                180m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   48m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               14m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             79m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         117m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                180m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   48m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               14m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             79m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         117m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                180m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   48m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               14m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             79m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         117m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                180m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   48m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               14m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             79m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         117m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                180m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   48m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               14m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             79m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         117m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                180m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   48m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               14m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             79m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         117m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                180m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   48m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               14m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             79m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         117m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                180m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   48m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               14m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             79m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         117m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                180m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   48m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               14m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             79m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         117m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                180m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   48m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               14m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             79m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         117m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                180m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   48m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               14m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             79m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         117m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                180m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   48m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               14m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             79m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         117m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                180m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   48m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               14m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             79m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         117m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                180m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   48m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               14m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             79m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         117m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                180m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   48m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               14m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             79m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         117m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                180m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   48m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               14m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             79m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         117m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                180m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   48m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               14m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             79m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         117m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                180m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   48m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               14m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             79m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         117m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                180m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   48m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               14m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             79m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         117m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                180m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   48m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               14m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             79m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         117m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                180m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   48m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               14m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             79m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         117m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                180m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   48m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               14m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             79m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         117m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                180m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   48m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               14m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             79m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         117m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                180m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   48m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               14m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             79m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         117m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                180m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   48m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               14m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             79m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         117m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                180m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   48m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               14m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             79m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         117m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                180m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   48m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               14m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             79m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         117m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                180m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   48m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               14m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             79m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         117m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                180m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   48m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               14m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             79m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         117m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                180m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   48m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               14m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             79m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         117m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                180m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   48m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               14m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             79m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         117m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                180m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   48m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               14m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             79m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         117m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                180m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   48m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               14m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             79m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         117m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                180m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   48m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               14m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             79m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         117m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                180m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   48m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               14m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             79m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         117m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                180m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   48m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               14m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             79m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         117m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                180m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   48m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               14m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             79m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         117m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                180m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   48m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               14m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             79m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         117m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                180m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   48m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               14m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             79m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         117m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                180m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   48m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               14m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             79m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         117m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                180m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   48m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               14m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             79m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         117m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                180m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   48m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               14m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             79m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         117m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                180m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   48m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               14m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             79m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         117m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                180m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   48m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               14m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             79m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         117m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                180m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   48m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               14m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             79m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         117m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                180m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   48m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               14m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             78m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         119m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                183m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   49m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               14m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             78m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         119m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                183m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   49m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               14m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             78m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         119m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                183m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   49m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               14m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             78m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         119m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                183m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   49m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               14m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             78m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         119m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                183m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   49m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               14m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             78m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         119m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                183m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   49m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               14m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             78m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         119m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                183m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   49m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               14m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             78m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         119m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                183m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   49m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               14m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             78m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         119m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                183m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   49m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               14m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             78m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         119m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                183m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   49m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               14m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             78m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         119m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                183m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   49m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               14m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             78m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         119m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                183m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   49m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               14m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             78m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         119m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                183m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   49m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               14m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             78m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         119m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                183m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   49m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               14m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             78m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         119m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                183m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   49m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               14m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             78m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         119m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                183m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   49m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               14m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             78m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         119m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                183m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   49m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               14m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             78m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         119m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                183m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   49m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               14m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             78m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         119m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                183m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   49m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               14m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             78m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         119m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                183m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   49m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               14m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             78m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         119m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                183m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   49m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               14m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             78m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         119m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                183m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   49m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               14m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             78m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         119m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                183m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   49m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               14m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             78m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         119m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                183m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   49m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               14m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             78m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         119m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                183m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   49m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               14m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             78m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         119m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                183m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   49m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               14m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             78m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         119m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                183m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   49m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               14m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             78m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         119m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                183m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   49m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               14m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             78m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         119m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                183m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   49m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               14m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             78m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         119m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                183m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   49m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               14m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             78m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         119m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                183m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   49m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               14m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             78m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         119m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                183m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   49m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               14m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             78m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         119m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                183m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   49m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               14m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             78m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         119m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                183m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   49m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               14m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             78m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         119m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                183m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   49m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               14m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             78m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         119m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                183m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   49m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               14m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             78m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         119m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                183m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   49m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               14m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             78m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         119m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                183m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   49m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               14m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             78m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         119m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                183m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   49m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               14m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             78m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         119m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                183m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   49m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               14m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             78m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         119m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                183m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   49m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               14m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             78m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         119m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                183m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   49m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               14m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             78m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         119m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                183m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   49m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               14m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             78m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         119m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                183m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   49m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
