NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           49Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           49Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           49Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           49Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           49Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           49Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           49Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           49Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           49Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           49Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           49Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           49Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           49Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           49Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           49Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              5m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             25m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        29m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                45m          16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   17m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   14m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           49Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              5m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             25m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        29m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                45m          16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   17m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   14m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           49Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              5m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             25m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        29m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                45m          16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   17m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   14m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           49Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              5m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             25m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        29m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                45m          16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   17m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   14m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           49Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              5m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             25m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        29m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                45m          16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   17m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   14m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           49Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              5m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             25m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        29m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                45m          16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   17m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   14m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           49Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              5m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             25m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        29m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                45m          16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   17m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   14m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           49Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              5m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             25m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        29m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                45m          16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   17m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   14m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           49Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              5m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             25m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        29m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                45m          16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   17m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   14m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           49Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              5m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             25m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        29m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                45m          16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   17m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   14m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           49Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              5m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             25m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        29m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                45m          16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   17m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   14m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           49Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              5m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             25m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        29m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                45m          16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   17m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   14m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           49Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              5m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             25m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        29m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                45m          16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   17m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   14m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           49Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              5m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             25m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        29m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                45m          16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   17m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   14m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           49Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              5m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             25m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        29m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                45m          16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   17m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   14m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           49Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              5m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             25m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        29m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                45m          16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   17m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   14m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           49Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              5m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             25m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        29m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                45m          16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   17m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   14m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           49Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              5m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             25m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        29m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                45m          16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   17m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   14m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           49Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              5m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             25m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        29m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                45m          16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   17m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   14m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           49Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              5m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             25m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        29m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                45m          16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   17m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   14m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           49Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              5m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             25m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        29m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                45m          16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   17m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   14m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           49Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              5m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             25m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        29m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                45m          16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   17m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   14m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           49Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              5m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             25m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        29m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                45m          16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   17m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   14m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           49Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              5m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             25m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        29m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                45m          16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   17m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   14m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           49Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              5m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             25m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        29m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                45m          16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   17m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   14m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           49Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              5m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             25m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        29m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                45m          16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   17m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   14m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           49Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              5m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             25m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        29m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                45m          16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   17m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   14m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           49Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              5m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             25m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        29m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                45m          16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   17m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   14m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           49Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              5m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             25m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        29m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                45m          16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   17m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   14m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           49Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              5m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             25m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        29m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                45m          16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   17m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   14m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           49Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              5m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             25m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        29m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                45m          16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   17m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   14m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           49Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              5m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             25m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        29m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                45m          16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   17m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   14m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           49Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              5m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             25m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        29m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                45m          16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   17m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   14m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           49Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              5m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             25m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        29m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                45m          16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   17m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   14m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           49Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              5m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             25m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        29m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                45m          16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   17m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   14m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           49Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              5m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             25m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        29m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                45m          16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   17m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   14m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           49Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              5m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             25m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        29m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                45m          16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   17m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   14m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           49Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              5m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             25m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        29m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                45m          16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   17m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   14m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           49Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              5m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             25m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        29m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                45m          16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   17m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   14m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           49Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              5m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             25m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        29m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                45m          16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   17m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   14m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           49Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              5m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             25m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        29m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                45m          16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   17m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   14m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           49Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              5m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             25m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        29m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                45m          16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   17m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   14m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           49Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              5m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             25m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        29m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                45m          16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   17m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   14m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           49Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              5m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             25m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        29m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                45m          16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   17m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   14m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           49Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              5m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             25m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        29m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                45m          16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   17m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   14m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           49Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              5m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             25m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        29m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                45m          16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   17m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   14m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           49Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              5m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             25m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        29m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                45m          16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   17m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   14m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           49Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              5m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             25m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        29m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                45m          16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   17m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   14m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           49Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              5m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             25m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        29m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                45m          16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   17m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   14m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           49Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              5m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             25m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        29m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                45m          16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   17m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   14m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           49Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              5m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             25m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        29m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                45m          16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   17m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   14m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           49Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              5m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             25m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        29m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                45m          16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   17m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   14m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           49Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              5m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             25m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        29m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                45m          16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   17m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   14m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           49Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              5m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             25m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        29m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                45m          16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   17m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   14m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           49Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              5m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             25m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        29m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                45m          16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   17m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   14m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           49Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              5m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             25m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        29m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                45m          16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   17m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   14m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           49Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              5m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             25m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        29m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                45m          16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   17m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   14m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           49Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              15m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             90m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        123m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                188m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   51m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             15m          49Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              15m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             90m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        123m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                188m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   51m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             15m          49Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              15m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             90m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        123m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                188m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   51m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             15m          49Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              15m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             90m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        123m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                188m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   51m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             15m          49Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              15m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             90m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        123m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                188m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   51m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             15m          49Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              15m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             90m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        123m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                188m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   51m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             15m          49Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              15m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             90m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        123m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                188m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   51m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             15m          49Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              15m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             90m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        123m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                188m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   51m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             15m          49Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              15m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             90m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        123m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                188m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   51m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             15m          49Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              15m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             90m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        123m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                188m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   51m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             15m          49Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              15m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             90m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        123m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                188m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   51m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             15m          49Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              15m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             90m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        123m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                188m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   51m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             15m          49Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              15m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             90m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        123m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                188m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   51m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             15m          49Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              15m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             90m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        123m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                188m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   51m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             15m          49Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              15m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             90m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        123m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                188m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   51m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             15m          49Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              15m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             90m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        123m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                188m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   51m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             15m          49Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              15m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             90m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        123m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                188m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   51m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             15m          49Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              15m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             90m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        123m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                188m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   51m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             15m          49Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              15m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             90m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        123m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                188m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   51m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             15m          49Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              15m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             90m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        123m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                188m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   51m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             15m          49Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              15m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             90m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        123m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                188m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   51m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             15m          49Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              15m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             90m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        123m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                188m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   51m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             15m          49Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              15m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             90m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        123m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                188m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   51m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             15m          49Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              15m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             90m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        123m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                188m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   51m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             15m          49Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              15m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             90m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        123m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                188m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   51m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             15m          49Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              15m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             90m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        123m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                188m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   51m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             15m          49Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              15m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             90m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        123m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                188m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   51m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             15m          49Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              15m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             90m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        123m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                188m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   51m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             15m          49Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              15m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             90m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        123m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                188m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   51m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             15m          49Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              15m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             90m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        123m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                188m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   51m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             15m          49Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              15m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             90m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        123m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                188m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   51m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             15m          49Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              15m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             90m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        123m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                188m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   51m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             15m          49Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              15m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             90m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        123m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                188m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   51m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             15m          49Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              15m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             90m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        123m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                188m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   51m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             15m          49Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              15m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             90m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        123m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                188m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   51m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             15m          49Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              15m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             90m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        123m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                188m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   51m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             15m          49Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              15m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             90m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        123m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                188m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   51m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             15m          49Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              15m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             90m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        123m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                188m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   51m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             15m          49Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              15m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             90m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        123m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                188m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   51m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             15m          49Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              15m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             90m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        123m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                188m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   51m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             15m          49Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              15m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             90m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        123m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                188m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   51m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             15m          49Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              15m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             90m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        123m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                188m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   51m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             15m          49Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              15m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             90m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        123m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                188m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   51m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             15m          49Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              15m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             90m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        123m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                188m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   51m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             15m          49Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              15m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             90m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        123m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                188m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   51m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             15m          49Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              15m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             90m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        123m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                188m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   51m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             15m          49Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              15m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             90m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        123m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                188m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   51m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             15m          49Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              15m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             90m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        123m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                188m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   51m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             15m          49Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              15m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             90m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        123m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                188m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   51m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             15m          49Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              15m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             90m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        123m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                188m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   51m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             15m          49Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              15m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             90m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        123m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                188m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   51m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             15m          49Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              15m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             90m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        123m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                188m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   51m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             15m          49Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              15m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             90m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        123m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                188m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   51m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             15m          49Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              15m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             90m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        123m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                188m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   51m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             15m          49Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              15m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             90m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        123m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                188m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   51m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             15m          49Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              15m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             90m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        123m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                188m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   51m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             15m          49Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              15m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             90m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        123m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                188m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   51m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             15m          49Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              15m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             86m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        120m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                183m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   49m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           49Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              15m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             86m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        120m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                183m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   49m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           49Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              15m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             86m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        120m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                183m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   49m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           49Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              15m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             86m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        120m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                183m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   49m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           49Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              15m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             86m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        120m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                183m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   49m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           49Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              15m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             86m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        120m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                183m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   49m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           49Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              15m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             86m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        120m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                183m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   49m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           49Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              15m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             86m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        120m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                183m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   49m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           49Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              15m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             86m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        120m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                183m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   49m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           49Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              15m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             86m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        120m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                183m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   49m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           49Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              15m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             86m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        120m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                183m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   49m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           49Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              15m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             86m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        120m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                183m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   49m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           49Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              15m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             86m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        120m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                183m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   49m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           49Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              15m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             86m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        120m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                183m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   49m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           49Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              15m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             86m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        120m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                183m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   49m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           49Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              15m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             86m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        120m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                183m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   49m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           49Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              15m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             86m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        120m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                183m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   49m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           49Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              15m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             86m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        120m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                183m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   49m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           49Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              15m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             86m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        120m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                183m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   49m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           49Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              15m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             86m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        120m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                183m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   49m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           49Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              15m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             86m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        120m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                183m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   49m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           49Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              15m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             86m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        120m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                183m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   49m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           49Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              15m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             86m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        120m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                183m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   49m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           49Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              15m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             86m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        120m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                183m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   49m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           49Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              15m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             86m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        120m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                183m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   49m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           49Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              15m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             86m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        120m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                183m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   49m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           49Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              15m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             86m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        120m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                183m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   49m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           49Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              15m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             86m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        120m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                183m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   49m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           49Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              15m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             86m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        120m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                183m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   49m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           49Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              15m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             86m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        120m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                183m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   49m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           49Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              15m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             86m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        120m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                183m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   49m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           49Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              15m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             86m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        120m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                183m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   49m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           49Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              15m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             86m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        120m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                183m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   49m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           49Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              15m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             86m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        120m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                183m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   49m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           49Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              15m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             86m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        120m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                183m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   49m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           49Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              15m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             86m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        120m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                183m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   49m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           49Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              15m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             86m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        120m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                183m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   49m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           49Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              15m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             86m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        120m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                183m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   49m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           49Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              15m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             86m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        120m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                183m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   49m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           49Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              15m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             86m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        120m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                183m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   49m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           49Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              15m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             86m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        120m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                183m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   49m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           49Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              15m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             86m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        120m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                183m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   49m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           49Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              15m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             86m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        120m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                183m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   49m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           49Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              15m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             86m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        120m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                183m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   49m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           49Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              15m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             86m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        120m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                183m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   49m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           49Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              15m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             86m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        120m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                183m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   49m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           49Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              15m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             86m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        120m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                183m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   49m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           49Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              15m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             86m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        120m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                183m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   49m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           49Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              15m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             86m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        120m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                183m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   49m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           49Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              15m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             86m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        120m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                183m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   49m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           49Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              15m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             86m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        120m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                183m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   49m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           49Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
