NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           20Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           20Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           20Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           20Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           20Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           20Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           20Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           20Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           20Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           20Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           20Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           20Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           20Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           20Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           20Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           20Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           20Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           20Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           20Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           20Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           20Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           20Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           20Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           20Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           20Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           20Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           20Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           20Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           20Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           20Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           20Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           20Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           20Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           20Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           20Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           20Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           20Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           20Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           20Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           20Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           20Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           20Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           20Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           20Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           20Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           20Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           20Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           20Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           20Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                15m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              75m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         6m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         107m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                161m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   56m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   46m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           20Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                15m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              75m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         6m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         107m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                161m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   56m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   46m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           20Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                15m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              75m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         6m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         107m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                161m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   56m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   46m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           20Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                15m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              75m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         6m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         107m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                161m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   56m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   46m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           20Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                15m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              75m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         6m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         107m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                161m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   56m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   46m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           20Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                15m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              75m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         6m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         107m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                161m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   56m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   46m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           20Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                15m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              75m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         6m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         107m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                161m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   56m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   46m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           20Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                15m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              75m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         6m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         107m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                161m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   56m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   46m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           20Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                15m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              75m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         6m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         107m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                161m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   56m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   46m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           20Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                15m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              75m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         6m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         107m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                161m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   56m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   46m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           20Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                15m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              75m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         6m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         107m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                161m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   56m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   46m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           20Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                15m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              75m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         6m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         107m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                161m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   56m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   46m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           20Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                15m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              75m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         6m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         107m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                161m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   56m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   46m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           20Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                15m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              75m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         6m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         107m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                161m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   56m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   46m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           20Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                15m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              75m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         6m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         107m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                161m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   56m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   46m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           20Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                15m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              75m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         6m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         107m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                161m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   56m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   46m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           20Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                15m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              75m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         6m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         107m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                161m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   56m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   46m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           20Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                15m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              75m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         6m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         107m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                161m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   56m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   46m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           20Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                15m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              75m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         6m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         107m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                161m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   56m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   46m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           20Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                15m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              75m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         6m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         107m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                161m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   56m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   46m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           20Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                15m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              75m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         6m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         107m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                161m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   56m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   46m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           20Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                15m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              75m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         6m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         107m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                161m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   56m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   46m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           20Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                15m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              75m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         6m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         107m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                161m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   56m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   46m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           20Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                15m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              75m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         6m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         107m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                161m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   56m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   46m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           20Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                15m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              75m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         6m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         107m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                161m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   56m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   46m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           20Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                15m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              75m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         6m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         107m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                161m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   56m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   46m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           20Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                15m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              75m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         6m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         107m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                161m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   56m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   46m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           20Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                15m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              75m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         6m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         107m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                161m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   56m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   46m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           20Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                15m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              75m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         6m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         107m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                161m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   56m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   46m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           20Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                15m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              75m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         6m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         107m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                161m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   56m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   46m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           20Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                15m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              75m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         6m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         107m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                161m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   56m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   46m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           20Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                15m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              75m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         6m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         107m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                161m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   56m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   46m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           20Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                15m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              75m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         6m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         107m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                161m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   56m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   46m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           20Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                15m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              75m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         6m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         107m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                161m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   56m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   46m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           20Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                15m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              75m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         6m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         107m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                161m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   56m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   46m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           20Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                15m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              75m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         6m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         107m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                161m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   56m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   46m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           20Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                15m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              75m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         6m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         107m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                161m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   56m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   46m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           20Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                15m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              75m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         6m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         107m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                161m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   56m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   46m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           20Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                15m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              75m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         6m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         107m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                161m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   56m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   46m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           20Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                15m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              75m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         6m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         107m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                161m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   56m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   46m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           20Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                15m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              75m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         6m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         107m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                161m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   56m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   46m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           20Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                15m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              75m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         6m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         107m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                161m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   56m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   46m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           20Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                15m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              75m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         6m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         107m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                161m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   56m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   46m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           20Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                15m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              75m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         6m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         107m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                161m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   56m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   46m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           20Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                15m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              75m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         6m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         107m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                161m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   56m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   46m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           20Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                15m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              75m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         6m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         107m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                161m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   56m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   46m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           20Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                15m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              75m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         6m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         107m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                161m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   56m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   46m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           20Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                15m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              75m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         6m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         107m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                161m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   56m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   46m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           20Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                15m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              75m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         6m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         107m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                161m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   56m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   46m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           20Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                15m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              75m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         6m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         107m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                161m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   56m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   46m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           20Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                15m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              75m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         6m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         107m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                161m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   56m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   46m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           20Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                15m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              75m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         6m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         107m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                161m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   56m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   46m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           20Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                15m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              75m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         6m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         107m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                161m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   56m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   46m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           20Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                15m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              75m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         6m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         107m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                161m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   56m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   46m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           20Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                15m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              75m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         6m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         107m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                161m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   56m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   46m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           20Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                15m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              75m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         6m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         107m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                161m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   56m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   46m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           20Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              68m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                193m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   58m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              10m          20Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              68m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                193m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   58m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              10m          20Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              68m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                193m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   58m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              10m          20Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              68m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                193m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   58m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              10m          20Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              68m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                193m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   58m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              10m          20Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              68m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                193m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   58m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              10m          20Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              68m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                193m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   58m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              10m          20Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              68m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                193m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   58m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              10m          20Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              68m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                193m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   58m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              10m          20Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              68m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                193m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   58m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              10m          20Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              68m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                193m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   58m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              10m          20Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              68m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                193m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   58m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              10m          20Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              68m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                193m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   58m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              10m          20Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              68m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                193m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   58m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              10m          20Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              68m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                193m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   58m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              10m          20Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              68m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                193m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   58m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              10m          20Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              68m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                193m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   58m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              10m          20Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              68m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                193m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   58m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              10m          20Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              68m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                193m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   58m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              10m          20Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              68m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                193m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   58m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              10m          20Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              68m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                193m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   58m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              10m          20Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              68m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                193m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   58m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              10m          20Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              68m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                193m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   58m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              10m          20Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              68m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                193m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   58m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              10m          20Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              68m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                193m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   58m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              10m          20Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              68m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                193m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   58m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              10m          20Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              68m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                193m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   58m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              10m          20Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              68m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                193m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   58m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              10m          20Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              68m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                193m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   58m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              10m          20Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              68m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                193m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   58m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              10m          20Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              68m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                193m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   58m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              10m          20Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              68m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                193m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   58m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              10m          20Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              68m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                193m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   58m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              10m          20Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              68m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                193m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   58m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              10m          20Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              68m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                193m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   58m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              10m          20Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              68m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                193m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   58m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              10m          20Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              68m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                193m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   58m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              10m          20Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              68m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                193m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   58m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              10m          20Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              68m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                193m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   58m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              10m          20Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              68m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                193m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   58m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              10m          20Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              68m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                193m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   58m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              10m          20Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              68m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                193m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   58m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              10m          20Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              68m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                193m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   58m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              10m          20Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              68m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                193m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   58m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              10m          20Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              68m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                193m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   58m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              10m          20Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              68m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                193m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   58m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              10m          20Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              68m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                193m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   58m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              10m          20Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              68m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                193m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   58m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              10m          20Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              68m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                193m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   58m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              10m          20Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              68m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                193m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   58m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              10m          20Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              68m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                193m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   58m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              10m          20Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              68m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                193m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   58m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              10m          20Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              68m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                193m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   58m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              10m          20Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              68m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                193m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   58m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              10m          20Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              68m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                193m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   58m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              10m          20Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              68m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                193m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   58m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              10m          20Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              68m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                193m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   58m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              10m          20Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              67m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         124m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   57m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           20Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          7m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              67m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         124m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   57m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           20Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          7m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              67m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         124m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   57m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           20Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          7m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              67m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         124m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   57m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           20Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          7m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              67m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         124m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   57m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           20Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          7m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              67m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         124m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   57m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           20Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          7m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              67m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         124m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   57m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           20Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          7m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              67m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         124m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   57m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           20Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          7m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              67m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         124m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   57m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           20Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          7m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              67m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         124m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   57m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           20Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          7m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              67m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         124m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   57m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           20Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          7m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              67m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         124m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   57m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           20Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          7m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              67m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         124m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   57m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           20Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          7m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              67m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         124m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   57m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           20Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          7m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              67m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         124m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   57m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           20Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          7m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              67m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         124m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   57m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           20Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          7m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              67m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         124m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   57m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           20Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          7m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              67m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         124m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   57m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           20Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          7m           9Mi             
