NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                2m           115Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                2m           115Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                2m           115Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                2m           115Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                2m           115Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                2m           115Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                2m           115Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                2m           115Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                2m           115Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                2m           115Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                2m           115Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                2m           115Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                2m           115Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                2m           115Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                2m           115Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                2m           115Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                2m           115Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                2m           115Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                2m           115Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                2m           115Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                2m           115Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                2m           115Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                2m           115Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                2m           115Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                2m           115Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                2m           115Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                2m           115Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                2m           115Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                2m           115Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                10m          116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              45m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         64m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                96m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   32m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   32m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                10m          116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              45m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         64m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                96m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   32m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   32m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                10m          116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              45m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         64m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                96m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   32m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   32m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                10m          116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              45m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         64m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                96m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   32m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   32m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                10m          116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              45m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         64m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                96m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   32m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   32m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                10m          116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              45m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         64m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                96m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   32m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   32m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                10m          116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              45m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         64m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                96m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   32m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   32m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                10m          116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              45m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         64m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                96m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   32m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   32m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                10m          116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              45m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         64m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                96m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   32m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   32m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                10m          116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              45m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         64m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                96m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   32m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   32m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                10m          116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              45m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         64m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                96m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   32m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   32m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                10m          116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              45m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         64m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                96m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   32m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   32m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                10m          116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              45m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         64m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                96m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   32m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   32m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                10m          116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              45m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         64m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                96m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   32m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   32m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                10m          116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              45m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         64m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                96m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   32m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   32m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                10m          116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              45m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         64m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                96m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   32m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   32m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                10m          116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              45m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         64m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                96m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   32m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   32m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                10m          116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              45m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         64m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                96m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   32m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   32m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                10m          116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              45m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         64m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                96m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   32m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   32m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                10m          116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              45m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         64m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                96m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   32m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   32m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                10m          116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              45m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         64m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                96m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   32m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   32m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                10m          116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              45m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         64m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                96m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   32m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   32m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                10m          116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              45m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         64m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                96m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   32m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   32m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                10m          116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              45m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         64m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                96m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   32m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   32m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                10m          116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              45m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         64m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                96m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   32m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   32m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                10m          116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              45m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         64m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                96m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   32m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   32m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                10m          116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              45m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         64m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                96m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   32m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   32m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                10m          116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              45m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         64m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                96m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   32m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   32m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                10m          116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              45m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         64m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                96m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   32m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   32m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                10m          116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              45m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         64m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                96m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   32m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   32m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                10m          116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              45m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         64m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                96m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   32m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   32m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                10m          116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              45m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         64m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                96m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   32m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   32m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                10m          116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              45m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         64m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                96m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   32m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   32m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                10m          116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              45m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         64m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                96m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   32m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   32m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                10m          116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              45m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         64m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                96m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   32m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   32m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                10m          116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              45m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         64m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                96m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   32m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   32m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                10m          116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              45m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         64m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                96m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   32m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   32m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                10m          116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              45m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         64m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                96m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   32m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   32m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                10m          116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              45m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         64m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                96m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   32m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   32m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                10m          116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              45m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         64m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                96m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   32m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   32m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                10m          116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              45m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         64m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                96m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   32m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   32m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                10m          116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              45m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         64m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                96m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   32m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   32m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                10m          116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              45m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         64m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                96m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   32m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   32m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                10m          116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              45m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         64m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                96m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   32m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   32m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                10m          116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              45m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         64m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                96m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   32m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   32m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                10m          116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              45m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         64m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                96m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   32m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   32m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                10m          116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              45m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         64m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                96m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   32m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   32m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                10m          116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              45m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         64m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                96m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   32m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   32m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                10m          116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              45m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         64m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                96m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   32m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   32m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                10m          116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              45m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         64m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                96m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   32m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   32m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                10m          116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              45m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         64m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                96m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   32m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   32m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                10m          116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              45m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         64m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                96m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   32m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   32m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                10m          116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              45m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         64m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                96m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   32m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   32m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                10m          116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              45m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         64m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                96m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   32m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   32m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                10m          116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              45m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         64m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                96m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   32m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   32m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                10m          116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              45m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         64m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                96m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   32m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   32m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                10m          116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              45m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         64m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                96m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   32m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   32m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              90m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         127m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           40Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   64m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              90m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         127m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           40Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   64m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              90m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         127m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           40Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   64m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              90m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         127m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           40Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   64m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              90m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         127m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           40Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   64m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              90m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         127m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           40Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   64m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              90m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         127m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           40Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   64m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              90m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         127m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           40Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   64m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              90m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         127m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           40Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   64m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              90m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         127m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           40Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   64m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              90m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         127m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           40Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   64m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              90m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         127m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           40Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   64m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              90m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         127m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           40Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   64m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              90m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         127m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           40Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   64m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              90m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         127m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           40Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   64m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              90m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         127m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           40Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   64m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              90m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         127m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           40Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   64m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              90m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         127m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           40Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   64m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              90m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         127m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           40Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   64m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              90m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         127m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           40Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   64m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              90m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         127m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           40Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   64m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              90m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         127m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           40Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   64m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              90m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         127m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           40Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   64m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              90m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         127m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           40Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   64m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              90m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         127m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           40Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   64m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              90m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         127m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           40Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   64m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              90m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         127m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           40Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   64m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              90m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         127m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           40Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   64m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              90m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         127m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           40Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   64m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              90m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         127m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           40Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   64m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              90m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         127m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           40Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   64m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              90m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         127m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           40Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   64m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              90m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         127m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           40Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   64m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              90m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         127m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           40Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   64m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              90m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         127m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           40Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   64m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              90m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         127m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           40Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   64m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              90m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         127m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           40Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   64m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              90m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         127m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           40Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   64m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              90m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         127m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           40Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   64m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              90m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         127m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           40Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   64m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              90m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         127m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           40Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   64m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              90m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         127m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           40Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   64m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              90m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         127m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           40Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   64m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              90m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         127m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           40Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   64m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              90m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         127m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           40Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   64m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              90m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         127m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           40Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   64m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              90m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         127m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           40Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   64m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              90m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         127m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           40Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   64m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              90m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         127m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           40Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   64m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              90m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         127m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           40Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   64m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              90m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         127m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           40Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   64m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              90m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         127m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           40Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   64m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              90m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         127m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           40Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   64m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              90m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         127m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           40Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   64m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              90m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         127m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           40Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   64m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              90m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         127m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           40Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   64m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              91m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         129m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           40Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   64m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              91m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         129m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           40Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   64m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              91m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         129m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           40Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   64m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              91m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         129m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           40Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   64m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              91m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         129m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           40Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   64m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              91m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         129m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           40Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   64m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              91m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         129m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           40Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   64m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              91m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         129m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           40Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   64m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              91m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         129m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           40Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   64m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              91m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         129m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           40Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   64m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              91m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         129m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           40Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   64m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              91m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         129m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           40Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   64m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              91m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         129m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           40Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   64m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              91m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         129m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           40Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   64m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              91m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         129m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           40Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   64m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              91m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         129m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           40Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   64m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              91m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         129m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           40Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   64m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              91m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         129m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           40Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   64m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              91m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         129m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           40Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   64m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              91m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         129m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           40Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   64m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              91m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         129m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           40Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   64m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              91m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         129m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           40Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   64m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              91m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         129m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           40Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   64m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              91m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         129m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           40Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   64m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              91m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         129m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           40Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   64m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              91m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         129m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           40Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   64m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              91m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         129m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           40Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   64m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              91m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         129m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           40Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   64m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              91m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         129m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           40Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   64m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              91m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         129m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           40Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   64m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              91m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         129m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           40Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   64m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              91m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         129m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           40Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   64m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              91m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         129m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           40Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   64m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              91m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         129m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           40Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   64m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              91m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         129m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           40Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   64m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              91m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         129m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           40Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   64m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              91m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         129m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           40Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   64m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              91m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         129m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           40Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   64m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
