NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                2m           115Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                2m           115Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                2m           115Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                2m           115Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                2m           115Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                2m           115Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                2m           115Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                2m           115Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                2m           115Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                2m           115Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                2m           115Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                2m           115Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                2m           115Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                2m           115Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                2m           115Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                2m           115Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                2m           115Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                2m           115Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                2m           115Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                2m           115Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                2m           115Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                2m           115Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                2m           115Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                2m           115Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                2m           115Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                2m           115Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                2m           115Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                2m           115Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                2m           115Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                2m           115Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                2m           115Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                2m           115Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                2m           115Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                2m           115Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                2m           115Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                2m           115Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                2m           115Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                2m           115Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                12m          116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              38m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         5m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         79m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                120m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   40m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   40m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                12m          116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              38m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         5m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         79m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                120m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   40m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   40m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                12m          116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              38m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         5m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         79m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                120m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   40m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   40m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                12m          116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              38m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         5m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         79m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                120m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   40m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   40m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                12m          116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              38m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         5m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         79m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                120m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   40m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   40m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                12m          116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              38m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         5m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         79m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                120m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   40m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   40m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                12m          116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              38m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         5m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         79m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                120m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   40m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   40m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                12m          116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              38m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         5m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         79m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                120m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   40m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   40m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                12m          116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              38m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         5m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         79m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                120m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   40m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   40m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                12m          116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              38m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         5m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         79m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                120m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   40m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   40m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                12m          116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              38m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         5m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         79m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                120m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   40m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   40m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                12m          116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              38m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         5m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         79m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                120m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   40m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   40m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                12m          116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              38m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         5m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         79m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                120m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   40m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   40m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                12m          116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              38m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         5m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         79m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                120m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   40m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   40m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                12m          116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              38m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         5m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         79m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                120m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   40m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   40m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                12m          116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              38m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         5m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         79m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                120m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   40m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   40m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                12m          116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              38m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         5m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         79m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                120m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   40m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   40m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                12m          116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              38m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         5m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         79m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                120m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   40m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   40m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                12m          116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              38m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         5m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         79m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                120m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   40m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   40m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                12m          116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              38m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         5m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         79m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                120m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   40m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   40m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                12m          116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              38m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         5m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         79m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                120m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   40m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   40m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                12m          116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              38m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         5m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         79m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                120m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   40m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   40m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                12m          116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              38m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         5m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         79m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                120m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   40m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   40m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                12m          116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              38m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         5m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         79m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                120m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   40m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   40m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                12m          116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              38m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         5m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         79m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                120m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   40m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   40m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                12m          116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              38m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         5m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         79m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                120m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   40m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   40m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                12m          116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              38m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         5m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         79m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                120m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   40m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   40m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                12m          116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              38m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         5m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         79m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                120m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   40m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   40m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                12m          116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              38m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         5m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         79m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                120m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   40m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   40m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                12m          116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              38m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         5m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         79m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                120m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   40m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   40m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                12m          116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              38m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         5m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         79m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                120m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   40m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   40m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                12m          116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              38m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         5m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         79m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                120m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   40m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   40m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                12m          116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              38m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         5m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         79m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                120m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   40m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   40m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                12m          116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              38m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         5m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         79m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                120m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   40m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   40m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                12m          116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              38m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         5m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         79m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                120m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   40m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   40m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                12m          116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              38m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         5m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         79m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                120m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   40m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   40m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                12m          116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              38m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         5m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         79m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                120m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   40m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   40m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                12m          116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              38m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         5m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         79m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                120m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   40m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   40m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                12m          116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              38m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         5m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         79m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                120m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   40m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   40m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                12m          116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              38m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         5m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         79m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                120m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   40m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   40m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                12m          116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              38m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         5m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         79m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                120m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   40m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   40m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                12m          116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              38m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         5m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         79m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                120m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   40m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   40m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                12m          116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              38m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         5m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         79m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                120m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   40m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   40m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                12m          116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              38m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         5m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         79m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                120m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   40m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   40m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                12m          116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              38m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         5m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         79m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                120m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   40m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   40m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                12m          116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              38m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         5m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         79m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                120m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   40m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   40m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                12m          116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              38m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         5m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         79m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                120m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   40m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   40m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                12m          116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              38m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         5m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         79m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                120m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   40m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   40m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                12m          116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              38m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         5m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         79m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                120m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   40m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   40m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                12m          116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              38m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         5m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         79m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                120m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   40m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   40m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                12m          116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              38m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         5m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         79m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                120m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   40m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   40m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                12m          116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              38m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         5m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         79m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                120m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   40m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   40m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                12m          116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              38m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         5m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         79m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                120m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   40m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   40m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                12m          116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              38m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         5m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         79m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                120m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   40m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   40m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                12m          116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              38m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         5m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         79m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                120m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   40m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   40m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                12m          116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              38m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         5m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         79m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                120m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   40m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   40m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                12m          116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              38m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         5m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         79m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                120m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   40m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   40m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              62m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         124m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              62m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         124m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              62m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         124m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              62m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         124m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              62m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         124m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              62m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         124m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              62m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         124m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              62m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         124m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              62m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         124m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              62m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         124m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              62m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         124m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              62m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         124m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              62m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         124m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              62m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         124m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              62m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         124m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              62m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         124m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              62m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         124m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              62m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         124m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              62m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         124m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              62m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         124m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              62m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         124m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              62m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         124m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              62m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         124m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              62m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         124m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              62m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         124m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              62m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         124m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              62m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         124m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              62m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         124m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              62m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         124m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              62m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         124m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              62m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         124m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              62m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         124m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              62m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         124m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              62m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         124m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              62m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         124m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              62m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         124m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              62m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         124m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              62m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         124m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              62m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         124m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              62m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         124m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              62m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         124m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              62m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         124m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              62m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         124m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              62m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         124m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              62m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         124m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              62m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         124m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              62m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         124m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              62m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         124m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              62m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         124m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              62m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         124m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              62m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         124m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              62m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         124m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              62m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         124m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              62m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         124m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              62m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         124m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              62m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         124m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              62m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         124m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              63m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         126m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                189m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              63m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         126m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                189m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              63m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         126m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                189m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              63m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         126m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                189m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              63m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         126m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                189m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              63m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         126m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                189m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              63m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         126m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                189m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              63m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         126m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                189m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              63m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         126m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                189m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              63m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         126m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                189m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              63m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         126m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                189m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              63m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         126m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                189m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              63m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         126m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                189m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              63m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         126m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                189m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              63m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         126m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                189m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              63m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         126m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                189m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              63m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         126m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                189m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              63m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         126m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                189m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              63m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         126m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                189m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              63m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         126m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                189m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              63m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         126m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                189m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              63m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         126m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                189m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              63m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         126m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                189m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              63m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         126m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                189m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              63m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         126m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                189m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              63m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         126m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                189m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              63m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         126m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                189m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              63m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         126m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                189m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
