NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                2m           116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           40Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                2m           116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           40Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                2m           116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           40Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                2m           116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           40Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                2m           116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           40Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                2m           116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           40Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                2m           116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           40Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                2m           116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           40Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                2m           116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           40Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                2m           116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           40Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                2m           116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           40Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                2m           116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           40Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                2m           116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           40Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                2m           116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           40Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                2m           116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           40Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                2m           116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           40Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                2m           116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           40Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                2m           116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           40Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                2m           116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           40Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                7m           116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              26m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         42m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                63m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   21m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   22m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              3m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                7m           116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              26m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         42m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                63m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   21m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   22m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              3m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                7m           116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              26m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         42m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                63m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   21m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   22m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              3m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                7m           116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              26m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         42m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                63m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   21m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   22m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              3m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                7m           116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              26m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         42m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                63m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   21m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   22m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              3m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                7m           116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              26m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         42m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                63m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   21m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   22m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              3m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                7m           116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              26m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         42m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                63m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   21m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   22m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              3m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                7m           116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              26m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         42m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                63m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   21m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   22m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              3m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                7m           116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              26m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         42m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                63m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   21m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   22m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              3m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                7m           116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              26m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         42m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                63m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   21m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   22m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              3m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                7m           116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              26m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         42m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                63m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   21m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   22m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              3m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                7m           116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              26m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         42m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                63m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   21m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   22m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              3m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                7m           116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              26m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         42m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                63m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   21m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   22m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              3m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                7m           116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              26m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         42m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                63m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   21m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   22m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              3m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                7m           116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              26m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         42m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                63m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   21m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   22m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              3m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                7m           116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              26m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         42m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                63m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   21m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   22m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              3m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                7m           116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              26m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         42m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                63m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   21m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   22m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              3m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                7m           116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              26m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         42m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                63m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   21m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   22m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              3m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                7m           116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              26m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         42m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                63m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   21m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   22m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              3m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                7m           116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              26m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         42m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                63m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   21m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   22m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              3m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                7m           116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              26m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         42m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                63m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   21m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   22m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              3m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                7m           116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              26m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         42m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                63m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   21m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   22m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              3m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                7m           116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              26m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         42m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                63m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   21m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   22m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              3m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                7m           116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              26m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         42m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                63m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   21m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   22m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              3m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                7m           116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              26m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         42m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                63m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   21m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   22m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              3m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                7m           116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              26m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         42m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                63m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   21m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   22m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              3m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                7m           116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              26m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         42m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                63m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   21m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   22m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              3m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                7m           116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              26m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         42m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                63m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   21m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   22m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              3m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                7m           116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              26m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         42m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                63m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   21m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   22m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              3m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                7m           116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              26m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         42m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                63m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   21m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   22m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              3m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                7m           116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              26m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         42m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                63m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   21m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   22m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              3m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                7m           116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              26m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         42m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                63m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   21m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   22m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              3m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                7m           116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              26m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         42m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                63m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   21m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   22m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              3m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                7m           116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              26m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         42m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                63m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   21m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   22m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              3m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                7m           116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              26m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         42m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                63m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   21m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   22m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              3m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                7m           116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              26m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         42m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                63m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   21m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   22m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              3m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                7m           116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              26m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         42m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                63m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   21m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   22m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              3m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                7m           116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              26m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         42m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                63m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   21m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   22m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              3m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                7m           116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              26m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         42m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                63m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   21m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   22m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              3m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                7m           116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              26m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         42m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                63m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   21m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   22m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              3m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                7m           116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              26m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         42m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                63m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   21m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   22m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              3m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                7m           116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              26m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         42m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                63m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   21m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   22m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              3m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                7m           116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              26m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         42m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                63m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   21m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   22m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              3m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                7m           116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              26m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         42m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                63m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   21m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   22m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              3m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                7m           116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              26m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         42m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                63m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   21m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   22m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              3m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                7m           116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              26m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         42m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                63m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   21m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   22m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              3m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                7m           116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              26m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         42m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                63m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   21m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   22m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              3m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                7m           116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              26m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         42m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                63m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   21m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   22m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              3m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                7m           116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              26m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         42m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                63m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   21m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   22m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              3m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                7m           116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              26m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         42m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                63m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   21m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   22m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              3m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                7m           116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              26m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         42m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                63m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   21m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   22m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              3m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                7m           116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              26m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         42m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                63m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   21m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   22m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              3m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                7m           116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              26m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         42m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                63m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   21m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   22m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              3m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                7m           116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              26m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         42m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                63m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   21m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   22m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              3m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                7m           116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              26m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         42m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                63m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   21m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   22m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              3m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                7m           116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              26m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         42m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                63m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   21m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   22m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              3m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                7m           116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              26m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         42m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                63m          18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   21m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   22m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              3m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                23m          116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              63m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         125m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                191m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   63m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                23m          116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              63m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         125m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                191m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   63m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                23m          116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              63m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         125m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                191m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   63m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                23m          116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              63m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         125m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                191m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   63m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                23m          116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              63m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         125m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                191m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   63m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                23m          116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              63m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         125m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                191m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   63m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                23m          116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              63m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         125m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                191m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   63m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                23m          116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              63m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         125m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                191m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   63m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                23m          116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              63m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         125m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                191m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   63m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                23m          116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              63m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         125m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                191m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   63m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                23m          116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              63m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         125m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                191m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   63m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                23m          116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              63m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         125m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                191m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   63m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                23m          116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              63m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         125m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                191m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   63m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                23m          116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              63m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         125m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                191m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   63m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                23m          116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              63m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         125m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                191m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   63m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                23m          116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              63m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         125m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                191m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   63m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                23m          116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              63m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         125m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                191m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   63m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                23m          116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              63m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         125m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                191m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   63m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                23m          116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              63m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         125m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                191m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   63m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                23m          116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              63m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         125m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                191m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   63m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                23m          116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              63m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         125m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                191m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   63m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                23m          116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              63m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         125m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                191m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   63m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                23m          116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              63m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         125m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                191m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   63m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                23m          116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              63m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         125m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                191m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   63m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                23m          116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              63m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         125m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                191m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   63m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                23m          116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              63m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         125m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                191m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   63m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                23m          116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              63m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         125m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                191m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   63m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                23m          116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              63m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         125m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                191m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   63m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                23m          116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              63m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         125m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                191m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   63m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                23m          116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              63m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         125m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                191m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   63m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                23m          116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              63m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         125m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                191m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   63m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                23m          116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              63m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         125m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                191m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   63m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                23m          116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              63m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         125m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                191m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   63m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                23m          116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              63m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         125m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                191m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   63m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                23m          116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              63m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         125m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                191m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   63m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                23m          116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              63m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         125m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                191m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   63m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                23m          116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              63m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         125m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                191m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   63m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                23m          116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              63m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         125m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                191m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   63m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                23m          116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              63m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         125m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                191m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   63m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                23m          116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              63m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         125m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                191m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   63m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                23m          116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              63m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         125m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                191m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   63m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                23m          116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              63m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         125m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                191m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   63m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                23m          116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              63m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         125m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                191m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   63m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                23m          116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              63m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         125m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                191m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   63m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                23m          116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              63m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         125m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                191m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   63m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                23m          116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              63m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         125m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                191m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   63m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                23m          116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              63m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         125m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                191m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   63m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                23m          116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              63m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         125m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                191m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   63m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                23m          116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              63m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         125m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                191m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   63m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                23m          116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              63m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         125m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                191m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   63m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                23m          116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              63m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         125m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                191m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   63m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                23m          116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              63m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         125m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                191m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   63m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                23m          116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              63m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         125m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                191m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   63m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                23m          116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              63m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         125m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                191m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   63m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                23m          116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              63m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         125m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                191m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   63m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                23m          116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              63m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         125m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                191m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   63m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                23m          116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              63m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         125m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                191m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   63m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              54m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         121m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                187m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   61m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              54m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         121m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                187m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   61m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              54m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         121m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                187m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   61m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              54m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         121m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                187m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   61m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              54m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         121m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                187m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   61m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              54m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         121m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                187m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   61m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              54m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         121m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                187m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   61m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              54m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         121m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                187m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   61m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              54m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         121m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                187m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   61m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              54m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         121m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                187m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   61m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              54m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         121m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                187m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   61m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              54m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         121m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                187m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   61m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              54m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         121m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                187m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   61m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              54m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         121m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                187m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   61m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              54m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         121m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                187m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   61m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              54m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         121m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                187m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   61m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              54m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         121m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                187m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   61m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              54m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         121m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                187m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   61m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              54m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         121m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                187m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   61m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              54m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         121m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                187m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   61m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              54m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         121m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                187m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   61m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              54m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         121m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                187m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   61m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              54m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         121m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                187m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   61m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              54m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         121m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                187m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   61m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              54m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         121m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                187m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   61m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              54m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         121m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                187m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   61m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              54m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         121m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                187m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   61m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              54m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         121m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                187m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   61m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              54m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         121m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                187m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   61m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              54m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         121m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                187m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   61m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              54m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         121m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                187m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   61m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              54m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         121m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                187m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   61m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              54m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         121m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                187m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   61m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              54m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         121m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                187m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   61m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              54m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         121m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                187m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   61m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              54m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         121m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                187m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   61m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              54m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         121m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                187m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   61m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              54m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         121m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                187m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   61m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              54m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         121m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                187m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   61m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              54m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         121m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                187m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   61m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              54m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         121m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                187m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   61m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              54m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         121m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                187m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   61m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              54m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         121m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                187m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   61m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              54m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         121m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                187m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   61m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              54m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         121m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                187m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   61m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              54m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         121m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                187m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   61m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          116Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              54m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         121m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                187m         18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   61m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
