NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           120Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           7Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           120Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           7Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           120Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           7Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           120Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           7Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           120Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           7Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           120Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           7Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           120Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           7Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           120Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           7Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           120Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           7Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           120Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           7Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           120Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           7Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           120Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           7Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           120Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           7Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           120Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           7Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           120Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           7Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           120Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           7Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           120Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           7Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           120Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           7Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           120Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           7Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           120Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           7Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                8m           121Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              21m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         45m          30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                67m          19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   21m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   22m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              3m           7Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                8m           121Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              21m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         45m          30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                67m          19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   21m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   22m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              3m           7Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                8m           121Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              21m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         45m          30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                67m          19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   21m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   22m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              3m           7Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                8m           121Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              21m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         45m          30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                67m          19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   21m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   22m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              3m           7Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                8m           121Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              21m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         45m          30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                67m          19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   21m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   22m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              3m           7Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                8m           121Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              21m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         45m          30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                67m          19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   21m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   22m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              3m           7Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                8m           121Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              21m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         45m          30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                67m          19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   21m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   22m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              3m           7Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                8m           121Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              21m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         45m          30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                67m          19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   21m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   22m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              3m           7Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                8m           121Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              21m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         45m          30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                67m          19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   21m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   22m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              3m           7Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                8m           121Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              21m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         45m          30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                67m          19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   21m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   22m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              3m           7Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                8m           121Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              21m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         45m          30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                67m          19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   21m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   22m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              3m           7Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                8m           121Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              21m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         45m          30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                67m          19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   21m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   22m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              3m           7Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                8m           121Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              21m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         45m          30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                67m          19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   21m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   22m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              3m           7Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                8m           121Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              21m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         45m          30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                67m          19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   21m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   22m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              3m           7Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                8m           121Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              21m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         45m          30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                67m          19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   21m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   22m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              3m           7Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                8m           121Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              21m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         45m          30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                67m          19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   21m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   22m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              3m           7Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                8m           121Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              21m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         45m          30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                67m          19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   21m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   22m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              3m           7Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                8m           121Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              21m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         45m          30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                67m          19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   21m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   22m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              3m           7Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                8m           121Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              21m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         45m          30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                67m          19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   21m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   22m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              3m           7Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                8m           121Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              21m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         45m          30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                67m          19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   21m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   22m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              3m           7Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                8m           121Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              21m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         45m          30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                67m          19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   21m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   22m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              3m           7Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                8m           121Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              21m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         45m          30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                67m          19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   21m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   22m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              3m           7Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                8m           121Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              21m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         45m          30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                67m          19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   21m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   22m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              3m           7Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                8m           121Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              21m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         45m          30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                67m          19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   21m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   22m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              3m           7Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                8m           121Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              21m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         45m          30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                67m          19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   21m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   22m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              3m           7Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                8m           121Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              21m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         45m          30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                67m          19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   21m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   22m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              3m           7Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                8m           121Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              21m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         45m          30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                67m          19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   21m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   22m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              3m           7Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                8m           121Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              21m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         45m          30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                67m          19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   21m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   22m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              3m           7Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                8m           121Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              21m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         45m          30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                67m          19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   21m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   22m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              3m           7Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                8m           121Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              21m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         45m          30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                67m          19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   21m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   22m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              3m           7Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                8m           121Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              21m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         45m          30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                67m          19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   21m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   22m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              3m           7Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                8m           121Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              21m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         45m          30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                67m          19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   21m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   22m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              3m           7Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                8m           121Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              21m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         45m          30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                67m          19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   21m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   22m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              3m           7Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                8m           121Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              21m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         45m          30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                67m          19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   21m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   22m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              3m           7Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                8m           121Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              21m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         45m          30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                67m          19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   21m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   22m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              3m           7Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                8m           121Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              21m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         45m          30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                67m          19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   21m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   22m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              3m           7Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                8m           121Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              21m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         45m          30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                67m          19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   21m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   22m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              3m           7Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                8m           121Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              21m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         45m          30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                67m          19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   21m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   22m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              3m           7Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                8m           121Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              21m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         45m          30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                67m          19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   21m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   22m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              3m           7Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                8m           121Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              21m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         45m          30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                67m          19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   21m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   22m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              3m           7Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                8m           121Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              21m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         45m          30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                67m          19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   21m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   22m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              3m           7Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                8m           121Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              21m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         45m          30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                67m          19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   21m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   22m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              3m           7Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                8m           121Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              21m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         45m          30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                67m          19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   21m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   22m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              3m           7Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                8m           121Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              21m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         45m          30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                67m          19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   21m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   22m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              3m           7Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                8m           121Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              21m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         45m          30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                67m          19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   21m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   22m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              3m           7Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                8m           121Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              21m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         45m          30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                67m          19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   21m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   22m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              3m           7Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                8m           121Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              21m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         45m          30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                67m          19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   21m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   22m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              3m           7Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                8m           121Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              21m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         45m          30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                67m          19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   21m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   22m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              3m           7Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                8m           121Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              21m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         45m          30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                67m          19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   21m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   22m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              3m           7Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                8m           121Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              21m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         45m          30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                67m          19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   21m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   22m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              3m           7Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                8m           121Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              21m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         45m          30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                67m          19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   21m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   22m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              3m           7Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                8m           121Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              21m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         45m          30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                67m          19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   21m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   22m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              3m           7Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                8m           121Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              21m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         45m          30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                67m          19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   21m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   22m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              3m           7Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                8m           121Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              21m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         45m          30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                67m          19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   21m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   22m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              3m           7Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                8m           121Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              21m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         45m          30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                67m          19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   21m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   22m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              3m           7Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                8m           121Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              21m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         45m          30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                67m          19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   21m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   22m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              3m           7Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                8m           121Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              21m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         45m          30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                67m          19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   21m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   22m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              3m           7Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          121Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              47m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         120m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                183m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   56m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   58m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           7Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          121Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              47m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         120m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                183m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   56m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   58m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           7Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          121Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              47m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         120m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                183m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   56m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   58m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           7Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          121Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              47m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         120m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                183m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   56m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   58m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           7Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          121Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              47m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         120m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                183m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   56m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   58m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           7Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          121Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              47m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         120m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                183m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   56m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   58m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           7Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          121Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              47m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         120m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                183m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   56m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   58m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           7Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          121Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              47m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         120m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                183m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   56m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   58m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           7Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          121Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              47m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         120m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                183m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   56m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   58m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           7Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          121Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              47m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         120m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                183m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   56m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   58m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           7Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          121Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              47m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         120m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                183m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   56m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   58m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           7Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          121Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              47m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         120m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                183m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   56m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   58m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           7Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          121Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              47m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         120m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                183m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   56m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   58m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           7Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          121Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              47m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         120m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                183m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   56m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   58m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           7Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          121Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              47m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         120m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                183m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   56m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   58m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           7Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          121Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              47m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         120m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                183m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   56m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   58m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           7Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          121Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              47m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         120m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                183m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   56m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   58m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           7Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          121Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              47m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         120m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                183m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   56m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   58m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           7Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          121Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              47m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         120m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                183m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   56m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   58m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           7Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          121Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              47m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         120m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                183m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   56m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   58m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           7Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          121Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              47m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         120m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                183m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   56m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   58m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           7Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          121Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              47m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         120m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                183m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   56m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   58m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           7Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          121Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              47m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         120m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                183m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   56m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   58m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           7Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          121Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              47m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         120m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                183m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   56m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   58m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           7Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          121Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              47m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         120m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                183m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   56m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   58m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           7Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          121Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              47m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         120m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                183m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   56m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   58m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           7Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          121Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              47m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         120m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                183m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   56m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   58m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           7Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          121Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              47m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         120m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                183m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   56m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   58m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           7Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          121Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              47m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         120m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                183m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   56m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   58m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           7Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          121Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              47m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         120m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                183m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   56m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   58m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           7Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          121Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              47m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         120m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                183m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   56m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   58m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           7Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          121Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              47m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         120m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                183m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   56m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   58m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           7Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          121Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              47m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         120m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                183m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   56m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   58m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           7Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          121Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              47m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         120m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                183m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   56m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   58m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           7Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          121Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              47m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         120m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                183m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   56m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   58m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           7Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          121Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              47m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         120m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                183m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   56m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   58m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           7Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          121Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              47m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         120m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                183m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   56m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   58m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           7Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          121Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              47m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         120m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                183m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   56m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   58m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           7Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          121Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              47m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         120m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                183m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   56m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   58m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           7Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          121Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              47m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         120m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                183m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   56m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   58m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           7Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          121Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              47m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         120m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                183m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   56m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   58m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           7Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          121Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              47m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         120m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                183m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   56m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   58m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           7Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          121Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              47m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         120m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                183m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   56m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   58m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           7Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          121Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              47m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         120m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                183m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   56m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   58m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           7Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          121Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              47m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         120m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                183m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   56m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   58m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           7Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          121Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              47m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         120m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                183m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   56m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   58m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           7Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          121Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              47m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         120m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                183m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   56m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   58m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           7Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          121Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              47m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         120m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                183m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   56m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   58m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           7Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          121Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              47m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         120m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                183m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   56m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   58m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           7Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          121Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              47m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         120m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                183m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   56m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   58m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           7Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          121Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              47m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         120m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                183m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   56m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   58m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           7Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          121Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              47m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         120m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                183m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   56m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   58m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           7Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          121Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              47m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         120m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                183m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   56m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   58m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           7Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          121Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              47m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         120m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                183m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   56m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   58m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           7Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          121Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              47m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         120m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                183m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   56m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   58m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           7Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          121Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              47m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         120m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                183m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   56m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   58m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           7Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          121Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              47m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         120m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                183m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   56m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   58m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           7Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          121Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              63m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         131m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           7Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          121Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              63m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         131m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           7Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          121Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              63m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         131m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           7Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          121Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              63m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         131m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           7Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          121Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              63m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         131m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           7Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          121Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              63m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         131m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           7Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          121Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              63m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         131m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           7Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          121Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              63m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         131m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           7Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          121Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              63m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         131m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           7Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          121Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              63m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         131m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           7Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          121Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              63m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         131m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           7Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          121Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              63m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         131m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           7Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          121Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              63m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         131m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           7Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          121Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              63m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         131m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           7Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          121Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              63m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         131m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           7Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          121Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              63m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         131m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           7Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          121Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              63m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         131m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           7Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          121Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              63m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         131m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           7Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          121Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              63m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         131m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           7Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          121Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              63m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         131m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           7Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          121Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              63m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         131m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           7Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          121Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              63m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         131m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           7Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          121Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              63m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         131m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           7Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          121Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              63m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         131m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           7Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          121Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              63m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         131m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           7Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          121Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              63m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         131m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           7Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          121Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              63m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         131m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           7Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          121Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              63m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         131m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           7Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          121Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              63m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         131m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           7Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          121Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              63m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         131m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           7Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          121Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              63m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         131m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           7Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          121Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              63m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         131m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           7Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          121Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              63m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         131m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           7Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          121Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              63m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         131m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           7Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          121Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              63m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         131m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           7Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          121Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              63m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         131m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           7Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          121Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              63m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         131m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           7Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          121Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              63m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         131m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           7Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          121Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              63m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         131m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           7Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          121Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              63m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         131m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           7Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          121Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              63m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         131m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           7Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          121Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              63m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         131m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           7Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          121Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              63m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         131m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           7Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          121Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              63m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         131m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           7Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          121Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              63m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         131m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           7Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          121Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              63m          40Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         131m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           7Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
