NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           69Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           69Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           69Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           69Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           69Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           69Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           69Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           69Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           69Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           69Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           69Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           69Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           69Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           69Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           69Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              6m           113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             21m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        33m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                50m          20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   17m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   19m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           69Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              6m           113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             21m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        33m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                50m          20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   17m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   19m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           69Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              6m           113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             21m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        33m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                50m          20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   17m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   19m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           69Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              6m           113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             21m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        33m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                50m          20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   17m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   19m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           69Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              6m           113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             21m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        33m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                50m          20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   17m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   19m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           69Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              6m           113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             21m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        33m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                50m          20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   17m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   19m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           69Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              6m           113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             21m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        33m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                50m          20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   17m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   19m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           69Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              6m           113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             21m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        33m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                50m          20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   17m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   19m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           69Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              6m           113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             21m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        33m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                50m          20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   17m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   19m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           69Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              6m           113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             21m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        33m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                50m          20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   17m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   19m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           69Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              6m           113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             21m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        33m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                50m          20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   17m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   19m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           69Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              6m           113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             21m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        33m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                50m          20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   17m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   19m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           69Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              6m           113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             21m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        33m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                50m          20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   17m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   19m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           69Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              6m           113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             21m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        33m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                50m          20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   17m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   19m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           69Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              6m           113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             21m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        33m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                50m          20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   17m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   19m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           69Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              6m           113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             21m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        33m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                50m          20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   17m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   19m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           69Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              6m           113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             21m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        33m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                50m          20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   17m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   19m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           69Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              6m           113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             21m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        33m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                50m          20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   17m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   19m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           69Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              6m           113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             21m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        33m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                50m          20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   17m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   19m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           69Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              6m           113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             21m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        33m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                50m          20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   17m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   19m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           69Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              6m           113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             21m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        33m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                50m          20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   17m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   19m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           69Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              6m           113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             21m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        33m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                50m          20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   17m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   19m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           69Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              6m           113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             21m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        33m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                50m          20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   17m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   19m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           69Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              6m           113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             21m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        33m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                50m          20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   17m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   19m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           69Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              6m           113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             21m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        33m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                50m          20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   17m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   19m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           69Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              6m           113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             21m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        33m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                50m          20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   17m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   19m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           69Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              6m           113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             21m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        33m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                50m          20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   17m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   19m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           69Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              6m           113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             21m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        33m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                50m          20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   17m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   19m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           69Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              6m           113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             21m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        33m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                50m          20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   17m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   19m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           69Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              6m           113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             21m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        33m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                50m          20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   17m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   19m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           69Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              6m           113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             21m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        33m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                50m          20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   17m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   19m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           69Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              6m           113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             21m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        33m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                50m          20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   17m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   19m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           69Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              6m           113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             21m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        33m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                50m          20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   17m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   19m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           69Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              6m           113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             21m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        33m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                50m          20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   17m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   19m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           69Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              6m           113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             21m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        33m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                50m          20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   17m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   19m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           69Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              6m           113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             21m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        33m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                50m          20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   17m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   19m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           69Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              6m           113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             21m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        33m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                50m          20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   17m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   19m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           69Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              6m           113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             21m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        33m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                50m          20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   17m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   19m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           69Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              6m           113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             21m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        33m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                50m          20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   17m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   19m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           69Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              6m           113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             21m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        33m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                50m          20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   17m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   19m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           69Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              6m           113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             21m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        33m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                50m          20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   17m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   19m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           69Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              6m           113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             21m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        33m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                50m          20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   17m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   19m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           69Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              6m           113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             21m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        33m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                50m          20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   17m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   19m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           69Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              6m           113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             21m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        33m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                50m          20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   17m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   19m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           69Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              6m           113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             21m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        33m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                50m          20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   17m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   19m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           69Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              6m           113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             21m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        33m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                50m          20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   17m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   19m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           69Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              6m           113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             21m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        33m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                50m          20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   17m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   19m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           69Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              6m           113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             21m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        33m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                50m          20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   17m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   19m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           69Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              6m           113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             21m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        33m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                50m          20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   17m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   19m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           69Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              6m           113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             21m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        33m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                50m          20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   17m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   19m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           69Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              6m           113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             21m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        33m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                50m          20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   17m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   19m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           69Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              6m           113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             21m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        33m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                50m          20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   17m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   19m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           69Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              6m           113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             21m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        33m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                50m          20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   17m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   19m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           69Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              6m           113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             21m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        33m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                50m          20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   17m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   19m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           69Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              6m           113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             21m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        33m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                50m          20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   17m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   19m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           69Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              6m           113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             21m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        33m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                50m          20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   17m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   19m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           69Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              6m           113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             21m          39Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        33m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                50m          20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   17m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   19m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           69Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             68m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        124m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                188m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   60m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   68m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             19m          69Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             68m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        124m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                188m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   60m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   68m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             19m          69Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             68m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        124m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                188m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   60m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   68m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             19m          69Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             68m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        124m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                188m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   60m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   68m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             19m          69Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             68m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        124m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                188m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   60m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   68m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             19m          69Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             68m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        124m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                188m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   60m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   68m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             19m          69Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             68m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        124m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                188m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   60m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   68m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             19m          69Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             68m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        124m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                188m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   60m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   68m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             19m          69Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             68m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        124m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                188m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   60m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   68m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             19m          69Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             68m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        124m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                188m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   60m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   68m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             19m          69Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             68m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        124m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                188m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   60m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   68m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             19m          69Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             68m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        124m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                188m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   60m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   68m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             19m          69Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             68m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        124m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                188m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   60m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   68m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             19m          69Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             68m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        124m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                188m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   60m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   68m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             19m          69Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             68m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        124m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                188m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   60m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   68m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             19m          69Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             68m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        124m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                188m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   60m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   68m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             19m          69Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             68m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        124m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                188m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   60m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   68m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             19m          69Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             68m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        124m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                188m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   60m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   68m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             19m          69Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             68m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        124m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                188m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   60m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   68m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             19m          69Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             68m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        124m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                188m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   60m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   68m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             19m          69Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             68m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        124m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                188m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   60m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   68m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             19m          69Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             68m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        124m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                188m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   60m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   68m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             19m          69Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             68m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        124m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                188m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   60m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   68m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             19m          69Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             68m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        124m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                188m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   60m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   68m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             19m          69Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             68m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        124m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                188m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   60m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   68m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             19m          69Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             68m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        124m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                188m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   60m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   68m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             19m          69Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             68m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        124m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                188m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   60m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   68m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             19m          69Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             68m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        124m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                188m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   60m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   68m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             19m          69Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             68m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        124m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                188m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   60m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   68m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             19m          69Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             68m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        124m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                188m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   60m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   68m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             19m          69Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             68m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        124m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                188m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   60m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   68m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             19m          69Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             68m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        124m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                188m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   60m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   68m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             19m          69Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             68m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        124m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                188m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   60m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   68m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             19m          69Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             68m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        124m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                188m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   60m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   68m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             19m          69Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             68m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        124m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                188m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   60m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   68m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             19m          69Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             68m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        124m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                188m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   60m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   68m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             19m          69Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             68m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        124m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                188m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   60m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   68m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             19m          69Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             68m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        124m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                188m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   60m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   68m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             19m          69Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             68m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        124m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                188m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   60m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   68m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             19m          69Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             68m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        124m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                188m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   60m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   68m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             19m          69Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             68m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        124m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                188m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   60m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   68m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             19m          69Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             68m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        124m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                188m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   60m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   68m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             19m          69Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             68m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        124m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                188m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   60m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   68m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             19m          69Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             68m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        124m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                188m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   60m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   68m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             19m          69Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             68m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        124m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                188m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   60m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   68m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             19m          69Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             68m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        124m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                188m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   60m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   68m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             19m          69Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             68m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        124m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                188m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   60m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   68m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             19m          69Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             68m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        124m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                188m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   60m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   68m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             19m          69Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             68m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        124m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                188m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   60m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   68m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             19m          69Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             68m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        124m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                188m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   60m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   68m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             19m          69Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             68m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        124m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                188m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   60m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   68m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             19m          69Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             68m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        124m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                188m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   60m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   68m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             19m          69Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             68m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        124m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                188m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   60m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   68m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             19m          69Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             68m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        124m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                188m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   60m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   68m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             19m          69Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             68m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        124m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                188m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   60m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   68m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             19m          69Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             68m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        124m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                188m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   60m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   68m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             19m          69Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             68m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        124m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                188m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   60m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   68m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             19m          69Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             61m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                193m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   62m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   70m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           69Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             61m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                193m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   62m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   70m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           69Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             61m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                193m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   62m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   70m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           69Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             61m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                193m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   62m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   70m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           69Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             61m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                193m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   62m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   70m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           69Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             61m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                193m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   62m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   70m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           69Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             61m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                193m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   62m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   70m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           69Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             61m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                193m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   62m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   70m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           69Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             61m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                193m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   62m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   70m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           69Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             61m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                193m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   62m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   70m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           69Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             61m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                193m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   62m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   70m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           69Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             61m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                193m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   62m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   70m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           69Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             61m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                193m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   62m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   70m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           69Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             61m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                193m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   62m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   70m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           69Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             61m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                193m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   62m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   70m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           69Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             61m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                193m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   62m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   70m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           69Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             61m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                193m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   62m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   70m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           69Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             61m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                193m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   62m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   70m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           69Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             61m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                193m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   62m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   70m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           69Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             61m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                193m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   62m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   70m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           69Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             61m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                193m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   62m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   70m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           69Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             61m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                193m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   62m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   70m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           69Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             61m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                193m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   62m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   70m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           69Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             61m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                193m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   62m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   70m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           69Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             61m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                193m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   62m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   70m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           69Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             61m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                193m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   62m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   70m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           69Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             61m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                193m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   62m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   70m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           69Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             61m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                193m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   62m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   70m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           69Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             61m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                193m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   62m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   70m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           69Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             61m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                193m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   62m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   70m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           69Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             61m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                193m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   62m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   70m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           69Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             61m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                193m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   62m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   70m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           69Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             61m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                193m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   62m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   70m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           69Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             61m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                193m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   62m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   70m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           69Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             61m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                193m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   62m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   70m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           69Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             61m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                193m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   62m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   70m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           69Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             61m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                193m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   62m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   70m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           69Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             61m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                193m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   62m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   70m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           69Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             61m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                193m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   62m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   70m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           69Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             61m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                193m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   62m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   70m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           69Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             61m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                193m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   62m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   70m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           69Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             61m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                193m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   62m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   70m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           69Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             61m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                193m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   62m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   70m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           69Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             61m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                193m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   62m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   70m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           69Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             61m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                193m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   62m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   70m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           69Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             61m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                193m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   62m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   70m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           69Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             61m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                193m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   62m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   70m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           69Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             61m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                193m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   62m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   70m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           69Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             61m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                193m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   62m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   70m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           69Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             61m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                193m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   62m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   70m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           69Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             61m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                193m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   62m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   70m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           69Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
