NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                2m           126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           22Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                2m           126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           22Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                2m           126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           22Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                2m           126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           22Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                2m           126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           22Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                2m           126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           22Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                2m           126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           22Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                2m           126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           22Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                2m           126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           22Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                2m           126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           22Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                2m           126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           22Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                2m           126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           22Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                2m           126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           22Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                2m           126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           22Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                2m           126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           22Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                2m           126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           22Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                2m           126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           22Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                2m           126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           22Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                2m           126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           22Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                2m           126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           22Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                7m           126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              29m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         43m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                65m          21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   22m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   26m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              7m           22Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          3m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                7m           126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              29m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         43m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                65m          21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   22m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   26m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              7m           22Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          3m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                7m           126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              29m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         43m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                65m          21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   22m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   26m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              7m           22Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          3m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                7m           126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              29m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         43m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                65m          21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   22m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   26m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              7m           22Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          3m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                7m           126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              29m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         43m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                65m          21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   22m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   26m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              7m           22Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          3m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                7m           126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              29m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         43m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                65m          21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   22m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   26m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              7m           22Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          3m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                7m           126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              29m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         43m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                65m          21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   22m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   26m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              7m           22Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          3m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                7m           126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              29m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         43m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                65m          21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   22m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   26m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              7m           22Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          3m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                7m           126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              29m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         43m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                65m          21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   22m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   26m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              7m           22Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          3m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                7m           126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              29m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         43m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                65m          21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   22m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   26m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              7m           22Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          3m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                7m           126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              29m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         43m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                65m          21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   22m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   26m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              7m           22Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          3m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                7m           126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              29m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         43m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                65m          21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   22m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   26m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              7m           22Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          3m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                7m           126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              29m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         43m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                65m          21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   22m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   26m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              7m           22Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          3m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                7m           126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              29m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         43m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                65m          21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   22m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   26m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              7m           22Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          3m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                7m           126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              29m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         43m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                65m          21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   22m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   26m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              7m           22Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          3m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                7m           126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              29m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         43m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                65m          21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   22m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   26m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              7m           22Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          3m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                7m           126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              29m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         43m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                65m          21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   22m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   26m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              7m           22Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          3m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                7m           126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              29m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         43m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                65m          21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   22m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   26m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              7m           22Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          3m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                7m           126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              29m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         43m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                65m          21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   22m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   26m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              7m           22Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          3m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                7m           126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              29m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         43m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                65m          21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   22m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   26m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              7m           22Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          3m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                7m           126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              29m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         43m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                65m          21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   22m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   26m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              7m           22Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          3m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                7m           126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              29m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         43m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                65m          21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   22m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   26m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              7m           22Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          3m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                7m           126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              29m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         43m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                65m          21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   22m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   26m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              7m           22Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          3m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                7m           126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              29m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         43m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                65m          21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   22m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   26m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              7m           22Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          3m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                7m           126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              29m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         43m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                65m          21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   22m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   26m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              7m           22Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          3m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                7m           126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              29m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         43m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                65m          21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   22m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   26m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              7m           22Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          3m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                7m           126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              29m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         43m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                65m          21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   22m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   26m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              7m           22Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          3m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                7m           126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              29m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         43m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                65m          21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   22m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   26m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              7m           22Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          3m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                7m           126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              29m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         43m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                65m          21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   22m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   26m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              7m           22Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          3m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                7m           126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              29m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         43m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                65m          21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   22m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   26m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              7m           22Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          3m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                7m           126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              29m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         43m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                65m          21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   22m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   26m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              7m           22Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          3m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                7m           126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              29m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         43m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                65m          21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   22m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   26m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              7m           22Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          3m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                7m           126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              29m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         43m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                65m          21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   22m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   26m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              7m           22Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          3m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                7m           126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              29m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         43m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                65m          21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   22m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   26m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              7m           22Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          3m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                7m           126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              29m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         43m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                65m          21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   22m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   26m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              7m           22Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          3m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                7m           126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              29m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         43m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                65m          21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   22m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   26m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              7m           22Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          3m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                7m           126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              29m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         43m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                65m          21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   22m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   26m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              7m           22Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          3m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                7m           126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              29m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         43m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                65m          21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   22m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   26m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              7m           22Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          3m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                7m           126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              29m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         43m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                65m          21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   22m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   26m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              7m           22Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          3m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                7m           126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              29m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         43m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                65m          21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   22m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   26m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              7m           22Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          3m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                7m           126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              29m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         43m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                65m          21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   22m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   26m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              7m           22Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          3m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                7m           126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              29m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         43m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                65m          21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   22m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   26m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              7m           22Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          3m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                7m           126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              29m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         43m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                65m          21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   22m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   26m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              7m           22Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          3m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                7m           126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              29m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         43m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                65m          21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   22m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   26m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              7m           22Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          3m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                7m           126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              29m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         43m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                65m          21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   22m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   26m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              7m           22Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          3m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                7m           126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              29m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         43m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                65m          21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   22m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   26m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              7m           22Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          3m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                7m           126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              29m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         43m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                65m          21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   22m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   26m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              7m           22Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          3m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                7m           126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              29m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         43m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                65m          21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   22m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   26m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              7m           22Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          3m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                7m           126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              29m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         43m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                65m          21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   22m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   26m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              7m           22Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          3m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                7m           126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              29m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         43m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                65m          21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   22m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   26m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              7m           22Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          3m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                7m           126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              29m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         43m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                65m          21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   22m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   26m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              7m           22Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          3m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                7m           126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              29m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         43m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                65m          21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   22m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   26m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              7m           22Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          3m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                7m           126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              29m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         43m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                65m          21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   22m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   26m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              7m           22Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          3m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                7m           126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              29m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         43m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                65m          21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   22m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   26m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              7m           22Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          3m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                7m           126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              29m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         43m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                65m          21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   22m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   26m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              7m           22Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          3m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                7m           126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              29m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         43m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                65m          21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   22m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   26m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              7m           22Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          3m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                7m           126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              29m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         43m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                65m          21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   22m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   26m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              7m           22Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          3m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              81m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         125m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   72m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           22Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          10m          9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              81m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         125m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   72m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           22Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          10m          9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              81m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         125m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   72m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           22Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          10m          9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              81m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         125m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   72m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           22Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          10m          9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              81m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         125m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   72m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           22Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          10m          9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              81m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         125m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   72m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           22Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          10m          9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              81m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         125m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   72m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           22Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          10m          9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              81m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         125m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   72m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           22Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          10m          9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              81m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         125m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   72m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           22Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          10m          9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              81m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         125m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   72m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           22Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          10m          9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              81m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         125m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   72m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           22Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          10m          9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              81m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         125m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   72m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           22Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          10m          9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              81m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         125m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   72m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           22Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          10m          9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              81m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         125m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   72m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           22Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          10m          9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              81m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         125m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   72m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           22Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          10m          9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              81m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         125m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   72m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           22Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          10m          9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              81m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         125m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   72m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           22Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          10m          9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              81m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         125m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   72m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           22Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          10m          9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              81m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         125m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   72m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           22Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          10m          9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              81m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         125m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   72m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           22Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          10m          9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              81m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         125m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   72m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           22Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          10m          9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              81m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         125m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   72m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           22Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          10m          9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              81m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         125m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   72m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           22Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          10m          9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              81m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         125m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   72m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           22Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          10m          9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              81m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         125m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   72m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           22Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          10m          9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              81m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         125m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   72m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           22Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          10m          9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              81m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         125m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   72m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           22Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          10m          9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              81m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         125m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   72m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           22Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          10m          9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              81m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         125m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   72m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           22Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          10m          9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              81m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         125m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   72m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           22Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          10m          9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              81m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         125m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   72m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           22Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          10m          9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              81m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         125m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   72m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           22Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          10m          9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              81m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         125m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   72m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           22Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          10m          9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              81m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         125m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   72m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           22Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          10m          9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              81m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         125m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   72m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           22Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          10m          9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              81m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         125m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   72m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           22Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          10m          9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              81m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         125m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   72m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           22Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          10m          9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              81m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         125m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   72m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           22Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          10m          9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              81m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         125m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   72m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           22Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          10m          9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              81m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         125m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   72m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           22Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          10m          9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              81m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         125m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   72m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           22Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          10m          9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              81m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         125m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   72m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           22Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          10m          9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              81m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         125m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   72m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           22Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          10m          9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              81m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         125m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   72m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           22Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          10m          9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              81m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         125m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   72m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           22Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          10m          9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              81m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         125m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   72m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           22Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          10m          9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              81m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         125m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   72m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           22Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          10m          9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              81m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         125m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   72m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           22Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          10m          9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              81m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         125m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   72m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           22Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          10m          9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              81m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         125m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   72m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           22Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          10m          9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              81m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         125m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   72m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           22Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          10m          9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              81m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         125m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   72m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           22Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          10m          9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              81m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         125m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   72m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           22Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          10m          9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              81m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         125m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   72m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           22Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          10m          9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              81m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         125m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   72m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           22Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          10m          9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              81m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         125m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   72m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           22Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          10m          9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              60m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         120m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                189m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   70m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           22Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              60m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         120m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                189m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   70m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           22Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              60m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         120m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                189m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   70m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           22Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              60m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         120m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                189m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   70m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           22Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              60m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         120m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                189m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   70m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           22Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              60m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         120m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                189m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   70m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           22Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              60m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         120m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                189m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   70m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           22Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              60m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         120m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                189m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   70m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           22Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              60m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         120m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                189m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   70m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           22Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              60m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         120m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                189m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   70m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           22Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              60m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         120m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                189m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   70m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           22Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              60m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         120m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                189m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   70m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           22Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              60m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         120m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                189m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   70m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           22Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              60m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         120m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                189m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   70m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           22Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              60m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         120m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                189m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   70m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           22Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              60m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         120m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                189m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   70m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           22Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              60m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         120m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                189m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   70m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           22Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              60m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         120m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                189m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   70m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           22Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              60m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         120m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                189m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   70m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           22Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              60m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         120m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                189m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   70m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           22Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              60m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         120m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                189m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   70m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           22Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              60m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         120m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                189m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   70m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           22Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              60m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         120m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                189m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   70m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           22Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              60m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         120m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                189m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   70m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           22Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              60m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         120m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                189m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   70m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           22Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              60m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         120m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                189m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   70m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           22Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              60m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         120m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                189m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   70m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           22Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              60m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         120m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                189m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   70m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           22Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              60m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         120m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                189m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   70m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           22Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              60m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         120m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                189m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   70m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           22Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              60m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         120m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                189m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   70m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           22Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              60m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         120m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                189m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   70m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           22Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              60m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         120m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                189m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   70m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           22Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              60m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         120m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                189m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   70m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           22Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              60m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         120m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                189m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   70m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           22Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              60m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         120m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                189m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   70m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           22Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              60m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         120m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                189m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   70m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           22Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              60m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         120m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                189m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   70m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           22Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              60m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         120m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                189m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   70m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           22Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              60m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         120m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                189m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   70m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           22Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              60m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         120m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                189m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   70m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           22Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              60m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         120m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                189m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   70m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           22Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              60m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         120m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                189m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   70m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           22Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              60m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         120m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                189m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   70m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           22Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              60m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         120m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                189m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   70m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           22Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              60m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         120m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                189m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   70m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           22Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              60m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         120m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                189m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   70m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           22Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           9Mi             
