NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                2m           107Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             2m           45Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          1m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         1m           33Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             2m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                1m           36Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          1m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   1m           23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   2m           47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              2m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         1m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                2m           107Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             2m           45Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          1m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         1m           33Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             2m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                1m           36Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          1m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   1m           23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   2m           47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              2m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         1m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                2m           107Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             2m           45Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          1m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         1m           33Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             2m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                1m           36Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          1m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   1m           23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   2m           47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              2m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         1m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                2m           107Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             2m           45Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          1m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         1m           33Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             2m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                1m           36Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          1m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   1m           23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   2m           47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              2m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         1m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                2m           107Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             2m           45Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          1m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         1m           33Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             2m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                1m           36Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          1m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   1m           23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   2m           47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              2m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         1m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                2m           107Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             2m           45Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          1m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         1m           33Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             2m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                1m           36Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          1m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   1m           23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   2m           47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              2m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         1m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                2m           107Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             2m           45Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          1m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         1m           33Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             2m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                1m           36Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          1m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   1m           23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   2m           47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              2m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         1m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                2m           107Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             2m           45Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          1m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         1m           33Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             2m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                1m           36Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          1m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   1m           23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   2m           47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              2m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         1m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                2m           107Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             2m           45Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          1m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         1m           33Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             2m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                1m           36Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          1m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   1m           23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   2m           47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              2m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         1m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                2m           107Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             2m           45Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          1m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         1m           33Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             2m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                1m           36Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          1m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   1m           23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   2m           47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              2m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         1m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                2m           107Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             2m           45Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          1m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         1m           33Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             2m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                1m           36Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          1m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   1m           23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   2m           47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              2m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         1m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                2m           107Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             2m           45Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          1m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         1m           33Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             2m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                1m           36Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          1m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   1m           23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   2m           47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              2m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         1m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                2m           107Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             2m           45Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          1m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         1m           33Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             2m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                1m           36Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          1m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   1m           23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   2m           47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              2m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         1m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                2m           107Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             2m           45Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          1m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         1m           33Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             2m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                1m           36Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          1m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   1m           23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   2m           47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              2m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         1m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                2m           107Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             2m           45Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          1m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         1m           33Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             2m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                1m           36Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          1m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   1m           23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   2m           47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              2m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         1m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                2m           107Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             2m           45Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          1m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         1m           33Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             2m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                1m           36Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          1m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   1m           23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   2m           47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              2m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         1m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                2m           107Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             2m           45Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          1m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         1m           33Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             2m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                1m           36Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          1m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   1m           23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   2m           47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              2m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         1m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                2m           107Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             2m           45Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          1m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         1m           33Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             2m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                1m           36Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          1m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   1m           23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   2m           47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              2m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         1m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                2m           107Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             2m           45Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          1m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         1m           33Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             2m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                1m           36Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          1m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   1m           23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   2m           47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              2m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         1m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                2m           107Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             2m           45Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          1m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         1m           33Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             2m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                1m           36Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          1m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   1m           23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   2m           47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              2m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         1m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                2m           107Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             2m           45Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          1m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         1m           33Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             2m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                1m           36Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          1m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   1m           23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   2m           47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              2m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         1m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                2m           107Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             2m           45Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          1m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         1m           33Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             2m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                1m           36Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          1m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   1m           23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   2m           47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              2m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         1m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                2m           107Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             2m           45Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          1m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         1m           33Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             2m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                1m           36Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          1m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   1m           23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   2m           47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              2m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         1m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                2m           107Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             2m           45Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          1m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         1m           33Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             2m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                1m           36Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          1m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   1m           23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   2m           47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              2m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         1m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                2m           107Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             2m           45Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          1m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         1m           33Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             2m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                1m           36Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          1m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   1m           23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   2m           47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              2m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         1m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                2m           107Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             2m           45Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          1m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         1m           33Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             2m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                1m           36Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          1m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   1m           23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   2m           47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              2m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         1m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                2m           107Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             2m           45Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          1m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         1m           33Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             2m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                1m           36Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          1m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   1m           23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   2m           47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              2m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         1m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                2m           107Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             2m           45Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          1m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         1m           33Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             2m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                1m           36Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          1m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   1m           23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   2m           47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              2m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         1m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                2m           107Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             2m           45Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          1m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         1m           33Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             2m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                1m           36Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          1m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   1m           23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   2m           47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              2m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         1m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                2m           107Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             2m           45Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          1m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         1m           33Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             2m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                1m           36Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          1m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   1m           23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   2m           47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              2m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         1m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                2m           107Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             2m           45Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          1m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         1m           33Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             2m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                1m           36Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          1m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   1m           23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   2m           47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              2m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         1m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                2m           107Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             2m           45Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          1m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         1m           33Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             2m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                1m           36Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          1m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   1m           23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   2m           47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              2m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         1m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                19m          108Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             45m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          4m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         82m          44Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             3m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                100m         33Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          2m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   34m          24Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   36m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              4m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         4m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                19m          108Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             45m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          4m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         82m          44Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             3m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                100m         33Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          2m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   34m          24Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   36m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              4m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         4m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                19m          108Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             45m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          4m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         82m          44Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             3m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                100m         33Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          2m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   34m          24Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   36m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              4m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         4m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                19m          108Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             45m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          4m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         82m          44Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             3m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                100m         33Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          2m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   34m          24Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   36m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              4m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         4m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                19m          108Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             45m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          4m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         82m          44Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             3m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                100m         33Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          2m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   34m          24Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   36m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              4m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         4m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                19m          108Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             45m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          4m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         82m          44Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             3m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                100m         33Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          2m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   34m          24Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   36m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              4m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         4m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                19m          108Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             45m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          4m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         82m          44Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             3m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                100m         33Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          2m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   34m          24Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   36m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              4m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         4m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                19m          108Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             45m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          4m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         82m          44Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             3m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                100m         33Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          2m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   34m          24Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   36m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              4m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         4m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                19m          108Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             45m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          4m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         82m          44Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             3m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                100m         33Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          2m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   34m          24Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   36m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              4m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         4m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                19m          108Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             45m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          4m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         82m          44Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             3m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                100m         33Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          2m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   34m          24Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   36m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              4m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         4m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                19m          108Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             45m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          4m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         82m          44Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             3m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                100m         33Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          2m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   34m          24Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   36m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              4m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         4m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                19m          108Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             45m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          4m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         82m          44Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             3m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                100m         33Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          2m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   34m          24Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   36m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              4m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         4m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                19m          108Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             45m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          4m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         82m          44Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             3m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                100m         33Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          2m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   34m          24Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   36m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              4m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         4m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                19m          108Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             45m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          4m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         82m          44Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             3m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                100m         33Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          2m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   34m          24Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   36m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              4m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         4m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                19m          108Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             45m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          4m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         82m          44Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             3m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                100m         33Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          2m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   34m          24Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   36m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              4m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         4m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                19m          108Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             45m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          4m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         82m          44Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             3m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                100m         33Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          2m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   34m          24Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   36m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              4m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         4m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                19m          108Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             45m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          4m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         82m          44Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             3m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                100m         33Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          2m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   34m          24Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   36m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              4m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         4m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                19m          108Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             45m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          4m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         82m          44Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             3m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                100m         33Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          2m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   34m          24Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   36m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              4m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         4m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                19m          108Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             45m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          4m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         82m          44Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             3m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                100m         33Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          2m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   34m          24Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   36m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              4m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         4m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                19m          108Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             45m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          4m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         82m          44Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             3m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                100m         33Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          2m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   34m          24Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   36m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              4m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         4m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                19m          108Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             45m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          4m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         82m          44Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             3m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                100m         33Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          2m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   34m          24Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   36m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              4m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         4m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                19m          108Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             45m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          4m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         82m          44Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             3m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                100m         33Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          2m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   34m          24Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   36m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              4m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         4m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                19m          108Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             45m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          4m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         82m          44Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             3m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                100m         33Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          2m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   34m          24Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   36m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              4m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         4m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                19m          108Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             45m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          4m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         82m          44Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             3m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                100m         33Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          2m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   34m          24Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   36m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              4m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         4m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                19m          108Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             45m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          4m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         82m          44Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             3m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                100m         33Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          2m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   34m          24Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   36m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              4m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         4m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                19m          108Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             45m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          4m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         82m          44Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             3m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                100m         33Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          2m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   34m          24Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   36m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              4m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         4m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                19m          108Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             45m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          4m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         82m          44Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             3m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                100m         33Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          2m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   34m          24Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   36m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              4m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         4m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                19m          108Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             45m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          4m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         82m          44Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             3m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                100m         33Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          2m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   34m          24Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   36m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              4m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         4m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                19m          108Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             45m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          4m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         82m          44Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             3m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                100m         33Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          2m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   34m          24Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   36m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              4m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         4m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                19m          108Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             45m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          4m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         82m          44Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             3m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                100m         33Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          2m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   34m          24Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   36m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              4m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         4m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                19m          108Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             45m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          4m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         82m          44Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             3m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                100m         33Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          2m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   34m          24Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   36m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              4m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         4m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                19m          108Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             45m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          4m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         82m          44Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             3m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                100m         33Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          2m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   34m          24Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   36m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              4m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         4m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                19m          108Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             45m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          4m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         82m          44Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             3m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                100m         33Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          2m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   34m          24Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   36m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              4m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         4m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                19m          108Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             45m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          4m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         82m          44Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             3m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                100m         33Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          2m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   34m          24Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   36m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              4m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         4m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                19m          108Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             45m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          4m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         82m          44Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             3m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                100m         33Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          2m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   34m          24Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   36m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              4m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         4m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                19m          108Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             45m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          4m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         82m          44Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             3m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                100m         33Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          2m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   34m          24Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   36m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              4m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         4m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                19m          108Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             45m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          4m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         82m          44Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             3m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                100m         33Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          2m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   34m          24Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   36m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              4m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         4m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                19m          108Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             45m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          4m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         82m          44Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             3m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                100m         33Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          2m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   34m          24Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   36m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              4m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         4m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                19m          108Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             45m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          4m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         82m          44Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             3m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                100m         33Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          2m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   34m          24Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   36m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              4m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         4m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                19m          108Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             45m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          4m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         82m          44Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             3m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                100m         33Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          2m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   34m          24Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   36m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              4m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         4m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                19m          108Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             45m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          4m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         82m          44Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             3m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                100m         33Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          2m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   34m          24Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   36m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              4m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         4m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                19m          108Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             45m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          4m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         82m          44Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             3m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                100m         33Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          2m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   34m          24Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   36m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              4m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         4m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                19m          108Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             45m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          4m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         82m          44Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             3m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                100m         33Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          2m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   34m          24Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   36m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              4m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         4m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                19m          108Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             45m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          4m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         82m          44Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             3m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                100m         33Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          2m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   34m          24Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   36m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              4m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         4m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                19m          108Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             45m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          4m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         82m          44Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             3m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                100m         33Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          2m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   34m          24Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   36m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              4m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         4m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                19m          108Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             45m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          4m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         82m          44Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             3m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                100m         33Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          2m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   34m          24Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   36m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              4m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         4m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                19m          108Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             45m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          4m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         82m          44Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             3m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                100m         33Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          2m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   34m          24Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   36m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              4m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         4m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                19m          108Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             45m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          4m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         82m          44Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             3m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                100m         33Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          2m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   34m          24Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   36m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              4m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         4m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                19m          108Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             45m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          4m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         82m          44Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             3m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                100m         33Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          2m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   34m          24Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   36m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              4m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         4m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                19m          108Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             45m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          4m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         82m          44Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             3m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                100m         33Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          2m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   34m          24Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   36m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              4m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         4m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                19m          108Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             45m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          4m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         82m          44Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             3m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                100m         33Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          2m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   34m          24Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   36m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              4m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         4m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                19m          108Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             45m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          4m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         82m          44Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             3m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                100m         33Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          2m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   34m          24Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   36m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              4m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         4m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                19m          108Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             45m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          4m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         82m          44Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             3m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                100m         33Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          2m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   34m          24Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   36m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              4m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         4m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                19m          108Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             45m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          4m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         82m          44Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             3m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                100m         33Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          2m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   34m          24Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   36m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              4m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         4m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                19m          108Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             45m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          4m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         82m          44Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             3m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                100m         33Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          2m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   34m          24Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   36m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              4m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         4m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                19m          108Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             45m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          4m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         82m          44Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             3m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                100m         33Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          2m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   34m          24Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   36m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              4m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         4m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                19m          108Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             45m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          4m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         82m          44Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             3m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                100m         33Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          2m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   34m          24Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   36m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              4m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         4m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                32m          109Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             67m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          9m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         130m         44Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                192m         35Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          4m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   65m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   69m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         8m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                32m          109Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             67m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          9m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         130m         44Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                192m         35Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          4m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   65m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   69m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         8m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                32m          109Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             67m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          9m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         130m         44Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                192m         35Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          4m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   65m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   69m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         8m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                32m          109Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             67m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          9m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         130m         44Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                192m         35Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          4m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   65m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   69m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         8m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                32m          109Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             67m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          9m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         130m         44Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                192m         35Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          4m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   65m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   69m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         8m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                32m          109Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             67m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          9m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         130m         44Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                192m         35Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          4m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   65m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   69m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         8m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                32m          109Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             67m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          9m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         130m         44Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                192m         35Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          4m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   65m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   69m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         8m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                32m          109Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             67m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          9m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         130m         44Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                192m         35Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          4m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   65m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   69m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         8m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                32m          109Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             67m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          9m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         130m         44Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                192m         35Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          4m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   65m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   69m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         8m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                32m          109Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             67m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          9m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         130m         44Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                192m         35Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          4m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   65m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   69m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         8m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                32m          109Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             67m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          9m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         130m         44Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                192m         35Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          4m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   65m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   69m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         8m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                32m          109Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             67m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          9m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         130m         44Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                192m         35Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          4m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   65m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   69m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         8m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                32m          109Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             67m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          9m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         130m         44Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                192m         35Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          4m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   65m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   69m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         8m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                32m          109Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             67m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          9m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         130m         44Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                192m         35Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          4m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   65m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   69m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         8m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                32m          109Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             67m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          9m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         130m         44Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                192m         35Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          4m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   65m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   69m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         8m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                32m          109Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             67m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          9m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         130m         44Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                192m         35Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          4m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   65m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   69m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         8m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                32m          109Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             67m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          9m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         130m         44Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                192m         35Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          4m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   65m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   69m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         8m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                32m          109Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             67m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          9m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         130m         44Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                192m         35Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          4m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   65m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   69m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         8m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                32m          109Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             67m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          9m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         130m         44Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                192m         35Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          4m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   65m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   69m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         8m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                32m          109Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             67m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          9m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         130m         44Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                192m         35Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          4m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   65m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   69m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         8m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                32m          109Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             67m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          9m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         130m         44Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                192m         35Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          4m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   65m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   69m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         8m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                32m          109Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             67m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          9m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         130m         44Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                192m         35Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          4m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   65m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   69m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         8m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                32m          109Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             67m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          9m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         130m         44Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                192m         35Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          4m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   65m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   69m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         8m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                32m          109Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             67m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          9m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         130m         44Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                192m         35Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          4m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   65m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   69m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         8m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                32m          109Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             67m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          9m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         130m         44Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                192m         35Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          4m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   65m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   69m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         8m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                32m          109Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             67m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          9m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         130m         44Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                192m         35Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          4m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   65m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   69m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         8m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                32m          109Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             67m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          9m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         130m         44Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                192m         35Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          4m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   65m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   69m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         8m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                32m          109Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             67m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          9m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         130m         44Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                192m         35Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          4m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   65m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   69m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         8m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                32m          109Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             67m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          9m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         130m         44Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                192m         35Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          4m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   65m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   69m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         8m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                32m          109Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             67m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          9m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         130m         44Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                192m         35Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          4m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   65m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   69m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         8m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                32m          109Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             67m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          9m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         130m         44Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                192m         35Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          4m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   65m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   69m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         8m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                32m          109Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             67m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          9m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         130m         44Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                192m         35Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          4m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   65m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   69m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         8m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                32m          109Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             67m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          9m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         130m         44Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                192m         35Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          4m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   65m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   69m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         8m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                32m          109Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             67m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          9m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         130m         44Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                192m         35Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          4m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   65m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   69m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         8m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                32m          109Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             67m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          9m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         130m         44Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                192m         35Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          4m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   65m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   69m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         8m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                32m          109Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             67m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          9m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         130m         44Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                192m         35Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          4m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   65m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   69m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         8m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                32m          109Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             67m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          9m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         130m         44Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                192m         35Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          4m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   65m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   69m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         8m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                32m          109Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             67m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          9m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         130m         44Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                192m         35Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          4m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   65m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   69m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         8m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                32m          109Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             67m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          9m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         130m         44Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                192m         35Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          4m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   65m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   69m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         8m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                32m          109Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             67m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          9m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         130m         44Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                192m         35Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          4m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   65m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   69m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         8m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                32m          109Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             67m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          9m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         130m         44Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                192m         35Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          4m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   65m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   69m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         8m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                32m          109Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             67m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          9m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         130m         44Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                192m         35Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          4m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   65m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   69m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         8m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                32m          109Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             67m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          9m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         130m         44Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                192m         35Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          4m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   65m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   69m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         8m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                32m          109Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             67m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          9m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         130m         44Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                192m         35Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          4m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   65m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   69m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         8m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                32m          109Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             67m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          9m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         130m         44Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                192m         35Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          4m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   65m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   69m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         8m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                32m          109Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             67m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          9m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         130m         44Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                192m         35Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          4m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   65m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   69m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         8m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                32m          109Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             67m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          9m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         130m         44Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                192m         35Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          4m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   65m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   69m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         8m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                32m          109Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             67m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          9m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         130m         44Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                192m         35Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          4m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   65m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   69m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         8m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                32m          109Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             67m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          9m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         130m         44Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                192m         35Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          4m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   65m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   69m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         8m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                32m          109Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             67m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          9m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         130m         44Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                192m         35Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          4m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   65m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   69m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         8m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                32m          109Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             67m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          9m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         130m         44Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                192m         35Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          4m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   65m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   69m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         8m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                32m          109Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             67m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          9m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         130m         44Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                192m         35Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          4m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   65m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   69m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         8m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                32m          109Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             67m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          9m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         130m         44Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                192m         35Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          4m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   65m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   69m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         8m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                32m          109Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             67m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          9m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         130m         44Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                192m         35Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          4m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   65m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   69m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         8m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                32m          109Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             67m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          9m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         130m         44Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                192m         35Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          4m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   65m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   69m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         8m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                32m          109Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             67m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          9m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         130m         44Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                192m         35Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          4m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   65m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   69m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         8m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                20m          109Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             50m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          8m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         120m         43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             3m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                181m         34Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          3m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   61m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   65m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         8m           21Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                20m          109Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             50m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          8m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         120m         43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             3m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                181m         34Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          3m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   61m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   65m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         8m           21Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                20m          109Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             50m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          8m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         120m         43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             3m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                181m         34Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          3m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   61m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   65m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         8m           21Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                20m          109Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             50m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          8m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         120m         43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             3m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                181m         34Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          3m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   61m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   65m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         8m           21Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                20m          109Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             50m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          8m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         120m         43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             3m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                181m         34Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          3m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   61m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   65m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         8m           21Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                20m          109Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             50m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          8m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         120m         43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             3m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                181m         34Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          3m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   61m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   65m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         8m           21Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                20m          109Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             50m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          8m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         120m         43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             3m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                181m         34Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          3m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   61m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   65m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         8m           21Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                20m          109Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             50m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          8m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         120m         43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             3m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                181m         34Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          3m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   61m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   65m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         8m           21Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                20m          109Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             50m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          8m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         120m         43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             3m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                181m         34Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          3m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   61m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   65m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         8m           21Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                20m          109Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             50m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          8m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         120m         43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             3m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                181m         34Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          3m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   61m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   65m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         8m           21Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                20m          109Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             50m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          8m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         120m         43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             3m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                181m         34Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          3m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   61m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   65m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         8m           21Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                20m          109Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             50m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          8m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         120m         43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             3m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                181m         34Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          3m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   61m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   65m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         8m           21Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                20m          109Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             50m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          8m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         120m         43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             3m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                181m         34Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          3m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   61m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   65m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         8m           21Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                20m          109Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             50m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          8m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         120m         43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             3m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                181m         34Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          3m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   61m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   65m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         8m           21Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                20m          109Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             50m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          8m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         120m         43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             3m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                181m         34Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          3m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   61m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   65m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         8m           21Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                20m          109Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             50m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          8m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         120m         43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             3m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                181m         34Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          3m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   61m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   65m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         8m           21Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                20m          109Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             50m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          8m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         120m         43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             3m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                181m         34Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          3m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   61m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   65m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         8m           21Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                20m          109Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             50m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          8m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         120m         43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             3m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                181m         34Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          3m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   61m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   65m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         8m           21Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                20m          109Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             50m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          8m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         120m         43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             3m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                181m         34Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          3m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   61m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   65m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         8m           21Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                20m          109Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             50m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          8m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         120m         43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             3m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                181m         34Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          3m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   61m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   65m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         8m           21Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                20m          109Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             50m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          8m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         120m         43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             3m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                181m         34Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          3m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   61m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   65m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         8m           21Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                20m          109Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             50m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          8m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         120m         43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             3m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                181m         34Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          3m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   61m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   65m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         8m           21Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                20m          109Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             50m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          8m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         120m         43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             3m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                181m         34Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          3m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   61m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   65m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         8m           21Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                20m          109Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             50m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          8m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         120m         43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             3m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                181m         34Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          3m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   61m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   65m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         8m           21Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                20m          109Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             50m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          8m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         120m         43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             3m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                181m         34Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          3m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   61m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   65m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         8m           21Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                20m          109Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             50m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          8m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         120m         43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             3m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                181m         34Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          3m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   61m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   65m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         8m           21Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                20m          109Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             50m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          8m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         120m         43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             3m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                181m         34Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          3m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   61m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   65m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         8m           21Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                20m          109Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             50m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          8m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         120m         43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             3m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                181m         34Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          3m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   61m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   65m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         8m           21Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                20m          109Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             50m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          8m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         120m         43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             3m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                181m         34Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          3m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   61m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   65m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         8m           21Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                20m          109Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             50m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          8m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         120m         43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             3m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                181m         34Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          3m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   61m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   65m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         8m           21Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                20m          109Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             50m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          8m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         120m         43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             3m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                181m         34Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          3m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   61m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   65m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         8m           21Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                20m          109Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             50m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          8m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         120m         43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             3m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                181m         34Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          3m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   61m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   65m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         8m           21Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                20m          109Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             50m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          8m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         120m         43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             3m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                181m         34Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          3m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   61m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   65m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         8m           21Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                20m          109Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             50m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          8m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         120m         43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             3m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                181m         34Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          3m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   61m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   65m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         8m           21Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                20m          109Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             50m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          8m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         120m         43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             3m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                181m         34Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          3m           20Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   61m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   65m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         8m           21Mi            
