NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               1m           158Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            2m           88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        1m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        1m           61Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                1m           35Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         1m           39Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   1m           26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   2m           66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             2m           9Mi             
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        1m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               1m           158Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            2m           88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        1m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        1m           61Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                1m           35Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         1m           39Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   1m           26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   2m           66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             2m           9Mi             
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        1m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               1m           158Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            2m           88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        1m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        1m           61Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                1m           35Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         1m           39Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   1m           26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   2m           66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             2m           9Mi             
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        1m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               1m           158Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            2m           88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        1m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        1m           61Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                1m           35Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         1m           39Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   1m           26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   2m           66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             2m           9Mi             
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        1m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               1m           158Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            2m           88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        1m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        1m           61Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                1m           35Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         1m           39Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   1m           26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   2m           66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             2m           9Mi             
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        1m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               1m           158Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            2m           88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        1m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        1m           61Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                1m           35Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         1m           39Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   1m           26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   2m           66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             2m           9Mi             
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        1m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               1m           158Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            2m           88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        1m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        1m           61Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                1m           35Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         1m           39Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   1m           26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   2m           66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             2m           9Mi             
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        1m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               1m           158Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            2m           88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        1m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        1m           61Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                1m           35Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         1m           39Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   1m           26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   2m           66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             2m           9Mi             
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        1m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               1m           158Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            2m           88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        1m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        1m           61Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                1m           35Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         1m           39Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   1m           26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   2m           66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             2m           9Mi             
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        1m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               1m           158Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            2m           88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        1m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        1m           61Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                1m           35Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         1m           39Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   1m           26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   2m           66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             2m           9Mi             
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        1m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               1m           158Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            2m           88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        1m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        1m           61Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                1m           35Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         1m           39Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   1m           26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   2m           66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             2m           9Mi             
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        1m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               1m           158Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            2m           88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        1m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        1m           61Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                1m           35Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         1m           39Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   1m           26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   2m           66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             2m           9Mi             
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        1m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               1m           158Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            2m           88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        1m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        1m           61Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                1m           35Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         1m           39Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   1m           26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   2m           66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             2m           9Mi             
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        1m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               1m           158Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            2m           88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        1m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        1m           61Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                1m           35Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         1m           39Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   1m           26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   2m           66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             2m           9Mi             
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        1m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               1m           158Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            2m           88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        1m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        1m           61Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                1m           35Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         1m           39Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   1m           26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   2m           66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             2m           9Mi             
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        1m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               1m           158Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            2m           88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        1m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        1m           61Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                1m           35Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         1m           39Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   1m           26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   2m           66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             2m           9Mi             
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        1m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               1m           158Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            2m           88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        1m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        1m           61Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                1m           35Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         1m           39Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   1m           26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   2m           66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             2m           9Mi             
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        1m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               1m           158Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            2m           88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        1m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        1m           61Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                1m           35Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         1m           39Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   1m           26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   2m           66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             2m           9Mi             
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        1m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               1m           158Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            2m           88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        1m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        1m           61Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                1m           35Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         1m           39Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   1m           26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   2m           66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             2m           9Mi             
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        1m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               1m           158Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            2m           88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        1m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        1m           61Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                1m           35Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         1m           39Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   1m           26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   2m           66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             2m           9Mi             
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        1m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               1m           158Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            2m           88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        1m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        1m           61Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                1m           35Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         1m           39Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   1m           26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   2m           66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             2m           9Mi             
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        1m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               1m           158Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            2m           88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        1m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        1m           61Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                1m           35Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         1m           39Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   1m           26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   2m           66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             2m           9Mi             
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        1m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               1m           158Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            2m           88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        1m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        1m           61Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                1m           35Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         1m           39Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   1m           26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   2m           66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             2m           9Mi             
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        1m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               1m           158Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            2m           88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        1m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        1m           61Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                1m           35Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         1m           39Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   1m           26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   2m           66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             2m           9Mi             
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        1m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               9m           159Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            37m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        4m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        55m          62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                80m          35Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         2m           40Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   27m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   29m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             4m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        4m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               9m           159Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            37m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        4m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        55m          62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                80m          35Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         2m           40Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   27m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   29m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             4m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        4m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               9m           159Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            37m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        4m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        55m          62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                80m          35Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         2m           40Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   27m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   29m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             4m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        4m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               9m           159Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            37m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        4m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        55m          62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                80m          35Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         2m           40Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   27m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   29m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             4m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        4m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               9m           159Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            37m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        4m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        55m          62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                80m          35Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         2m           40Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   27m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   29m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             4m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        4m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               9m           159Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            37m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        4m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        55m          62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                80m          35Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         2m           40Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   27m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   29m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             4m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        4m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               9m           159Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            37m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        4m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        55m          62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                80m          35Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         2m           40Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   27m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   29m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             4m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        4m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               9m           159Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            37m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        4m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        55m          62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                80m          35Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         2m           40Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   27m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   29m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             4m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        4m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               9m           159Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            37m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        4m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        55m          62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                80m          35Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         2m           40Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   27m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   29m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             4m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        4m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               9m           159Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            37m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        4m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        55m          62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                80m          35Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         2m           40Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   27m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   29m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             4m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        4m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               9m           159Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            37m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        4m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        55m          62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                80m          35Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         2m           40Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   27m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   29m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             4m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        4m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               9m           159Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            37m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        4m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        55m          62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                80m          35Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         2m           40Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   27m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   29m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             4m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        4m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               9m           159Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            37m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        4m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        55m          62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                80m          35Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         2m           40Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   27m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   29m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             4m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        4m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               9m           159Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            37m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        4m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        55m          62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                80m          35Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         2m           40Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   27m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   29m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             4m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        4m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               9m           159Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            37m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        4m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        55m          62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                80m          35Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         2m           40Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   27m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   29m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             4m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        4m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               9m           159Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            37m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        4m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        55m          62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                80m          35Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         2m           40Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   27m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   29m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             4m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        4m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               9m           159Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            37m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        4m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        55m          62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                80m          35Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         2m           40Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   27m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   29m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             4m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        4m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               9m           159Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            37m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        4m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        55m          62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                80m          35Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         2m           40Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   27m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   29m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             4m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        4m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               9m           159Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            37m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        4m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        55m          62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                80m          35Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         2m           40Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   27m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   29m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             4m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        4m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               9m           159Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            37m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        4m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        55m          62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                80m          35Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         2m           40Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   27m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   29m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             4m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        4m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               9m           159Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            37m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        4m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        55m          62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                80m          35Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         2m           40Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   27m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   29m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             4m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        4m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               9m           159Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            37m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        4m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        55m          62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                80m          35Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         2m           40Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   27m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   29m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             4m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        4m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               9m           159Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            37m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        4m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        55m          62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                80m          35Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         2m           40Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   27m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   29m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             4m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        4m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               9m           159Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            37m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        4m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        55m          62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                80m          35Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         2m           40Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   27m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   29m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             4m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        4m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               9m           159Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            37m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        4m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        55m          62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                80m          35Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         2m           40Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   27m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   29m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             4m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        4m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               9m           159Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            37m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        4m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        55m          62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                80m          35Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         2m           40Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   27m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   29m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             4m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        4m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               9m           159Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            37m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        4m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        55m          62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                80m          35Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         2m           40Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   27m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   29m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             4m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        4m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               9m           159Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            37m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        4m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        55m          62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                80m          35Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         2m           40Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   27m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   29m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             4m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        4m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               9m           159Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            37m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        4m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        55m          62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                80m          35Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         2m           40Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   27m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   29m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             4m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        4m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               9m           159Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            37m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        4m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        55m          62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                80m          35Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         2m           40Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   27m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   29m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             4m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        4m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               9m           159Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            37m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        4m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        55m          62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                80m          35Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         2m           40Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   27m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   29m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             4m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        4m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               9m           159Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            37m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        4m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        55m          62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                80m          35Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         2m           40Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   27m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   29m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             4m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        4m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               9m           159Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            37m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        4m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        55m          62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                80m          35Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         2m           40Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   27m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   29m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             4m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        4m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               9m           159Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            37m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        4m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        55m          62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                80m          35Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         2m           40Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   27m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   29m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             4m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        4m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               9m           159Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            37m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        4m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        55m          62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                80m          35Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         2m           40Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   27m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   29m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             4m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        4m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               9m           159Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            37m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        4m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        55m          62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                80m          35Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         2m           40Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   27m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   29m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             4m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        4m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               9m           159Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            37m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        4m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        55m          62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                80m          35Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         2m           40Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   27m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   29m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             4m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        4m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               9m           159Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            37m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        4m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        55m          62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                80m          35Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         2m           40Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   27m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   29m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             4m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        4m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               9m           159Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            37m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        4m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        55m          62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                80m          35Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         2m           40Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   27m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   29m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             4m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        4m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               9m           159Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            37m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        4m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        55m          62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                80m          35Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         2m           40Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   27m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   29m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             4m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        4m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               9m           159Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            37m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        4m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        55m          62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                80m          35Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         2m           40Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   27m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   29m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             4m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        4m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               9m           159Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            37m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        4m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        55m          62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                80m          35Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         2m           40Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   27m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   29m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             4m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        4m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               9m           159Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            37m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        4m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        55m          62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                80m          35Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         2m           40Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   27m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   29m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             4m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        4m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               9m           159Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            37m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        4m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        55m          62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                80m          35Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         2m           40Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   27m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   29m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             4m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        4m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               9m           159Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            37m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        4m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        55m          62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                80m          35Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         2m           40Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   27m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   29m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             4m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        4m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               9m           159Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            37m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        4m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        55m          62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                80m          35Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         2m           40Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   27m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   29m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             4m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        4m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               9m           159Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            37m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        4m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        55m          62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                80m          35Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         2m           40Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   27m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   29m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             4m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        4m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               9m           159Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            37m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        4m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        55m          62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                80m          35Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         2m           40Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   27m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   29m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             4m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        4m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               9m           159Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            37m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        4m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        55m          62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                80m          35Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         2m           40Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   27m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   29m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             4m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        4m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               9m           159Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            37m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        4m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        55m          62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                80m          35Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         2m           40Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   27m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   29m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             4m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        4m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               9m           159Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            37m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        4m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        55m          62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                80m          35Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         2m           40Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   27m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   29m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             4m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        4m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               9m           159Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            37m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        4m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        55m          62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                80m          35Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         2m           40Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   27m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   29m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             4m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        4m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               9m           159Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            37m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        4m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        55m          62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                80m          35Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         2m           40Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   27m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   29m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             4m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        4m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               9m           159Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            37m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        4m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        55m          62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                80m          35Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         2m           40Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   27m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   29m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             4m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        4m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               9m           159Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            37m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        4m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        55m          62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                80m          35Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         2m           40Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   27m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   29m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             4m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        4m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               9m           159Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            37m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        4m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        55m          62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                80m          35Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         2m           40Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   27m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   29m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             4m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        4m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               9m           159Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            37m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        4m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        55m          62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                80m          35Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         2m           40Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   27m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   29m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             4m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        4m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               24m          159Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            75m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        8m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        131m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                195m         35Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         4m           41Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   65m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   69m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               24m          159Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            75m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        8m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        131m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                195m         35Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         4m           41Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   65m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   69m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               24m          159Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            75m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        8m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        131m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                195m         35Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         4m           41Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   65m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   69m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               24m          159Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            75m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        8m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        131m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                195m         35Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         4m           41Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   65m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   69m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               24m          159Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            75m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        8m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        131m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                195m         35Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         4m           41Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   65m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   69m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               24m          159Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            75m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        8m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        131m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                195m         35Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         4m           41Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   65m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   69m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               24m          159Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            75m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        8m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        131m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                195m         35Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         4m           41Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   65m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   69m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               24m          159Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            75m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        8m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        131m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                195m         35Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         4m           41Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   65m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   69m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               24m          159Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            75m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        8m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        131m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                195m         35Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         4m           41Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   65m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   69m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               24m          159Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            75m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        8m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        131m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                195m         35Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         4m           41Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   65m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   69m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               24m          159Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            75m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        8m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        131m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                195m         35Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         4m           41Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   65m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   69m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               24m          159Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            75m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        8m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        131m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                195m         35Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         4m           41Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   65m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   69m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               24m          159Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            75m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        8m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        131m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                195m         35Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         4m           41Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   65m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   69m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               24m          159Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            75m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        8m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        131m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                195m         35Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         4m           41Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   65m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   69m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               24m          159Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            75m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        8m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        131m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                195m         35Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         4m           41Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   65m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   69m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               24m          159Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            75m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        8m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        131m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                195m         35Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         4m           41Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   65m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   69m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               24m          159Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            75m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        8m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        131m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                195m         35Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         4m           41Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   65m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   69m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               24m          159Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            75m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        8m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        131m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                195m         35Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         4m           41Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   65m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   69m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               24m          159Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            75m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        8m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        131m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                195m         35Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         4m           41Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   65m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   69m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               24m          159Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            75m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        8m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        131m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                195m         35Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         4m           41Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   65m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   69m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               24m          159Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            75m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        8m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        131m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                195m         35Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         4m           41Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   65m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   69m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               24m          159Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            75m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        8m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        131m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                195m         35Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         4m           41Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   65m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   69m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               24m          159Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            75m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        8m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        131m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                195m         35Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         4m           41Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   65m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   69m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               24m          159Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            75m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        8m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        131m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                195m         35Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         4m           41Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   65m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   69m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               24m          159Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            75m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        8m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        131m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                195m         35Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         4m           41Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   65m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   69m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               24m          159Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            75m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        8m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        131m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                195m         35Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         4m           41Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   65m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   69m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               24m          159Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            75m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        8m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        131m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                195m         35Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         4m           41Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   65m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   69m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               24m          159Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            75m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        8m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        131m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                195m         35Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         4m           41Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   65m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   69m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               24m          159Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            75m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        8m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        131m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                195m         35Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         4m           41Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   65m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   69m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               24m          159Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            75m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        8m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        131m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                195m         35Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         4m           41Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   65m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   69m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               24m          159Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            75m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        8m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        131m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                195m         35Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         4m           41Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   65m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   69m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               24m          159Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            75m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        8m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        131m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                195m         35Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         4m           41Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   65m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   69m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               24m          159Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            75m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        8m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        131m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                195m         35Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         4m           41Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   65m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   69m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               24m          159Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            75m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        8m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        131m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                195m         35Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         4m           41Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   65m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   69m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               24m          159Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            75m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        8m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        131m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                195m         35Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         4m           41Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   65m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   69m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               24m          159Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            75m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        8m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        131m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                195m         35Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         4m           41Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   65m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   69m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               24m          159Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            75m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        8m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        131m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                195m         35Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         4m           41Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   65m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   69m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               24m          159Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            75m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        8m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        131m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                195m         35Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         4m           41Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   65m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   69m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               24m          159Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            75m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        8m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        131m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                195m         35Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         4m           41Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   65m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   69m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               24m          159Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            75m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        8m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        131m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                195m         35Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         4m           41Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   65m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   69m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               24m          159Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            75m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        8m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        131m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                195m         35Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         4m           41Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   65m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   69m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               24m          159Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            75m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        8m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        131m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                195m         35Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         4m           41Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   65m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   69m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               24m          159Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            75m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        8m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        131m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                195m         35Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         4m           41Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   65m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   69m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               24m          159Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            75m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        8m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        131m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                195m         35Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         4m           41Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   65m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   69m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               24m          159Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            75m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        8m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        131m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                195m         35Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         4m           41Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   65m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   69m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               24m          159Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            75m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        8m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        131m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                195m         35Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         4m           41Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   65m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   69m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               24m          159Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            75m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        8m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        131m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                195m         35Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         4m           41Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   65m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   69m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               24m          159Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            75m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        8m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        131m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                195m         35Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         4m           41Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   65m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   69m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               24m          159Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            75m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        8m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        131m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                195m         35Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         4m           41Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   65m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   69m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               24m          159Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            75m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        8m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        131m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                195m         35Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         4m           41Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   65m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   69m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               24m          159Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            75m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        8m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        131m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                195m         35Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         4m           41Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   65m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   69m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               24m          159Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            75m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        8m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        131m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                195m         35Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         4m           41Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   65m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   69m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               24m          159Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            75m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        8m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        131m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                195m         35Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         4m           41Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   65m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   69m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               24m          159Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            75m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        8m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        131m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                195m         35Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         4m           41Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   65m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   69m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               24m          159Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            75m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        8m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        131m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                195m         35Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         4m           41Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   65m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   69m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               24m          159Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            75m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        8m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        131m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                195m         35Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         4m           41Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   65m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   69m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               24m          159Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            75m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        8m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        131m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                195m         35Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         4m           41Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   65m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   69m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               23m          159Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            61m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        8m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        118m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                177m         34Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         4m           41Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   59m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   63m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               23m          159Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            61m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        8m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        118m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                177m         34Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         4m           41Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   59m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   63m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               23m          159Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            61m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        8m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        118m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                177m         34Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         4m           41Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   59m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   63m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               23m          159Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            61m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        8m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        118m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                177m         34Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         4m           41Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   59m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   63m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               23m          159Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            61m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        8m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        118m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                177m         34Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         4m           41Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   59m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   63m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               23m          159Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            61m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        8m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        118m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                177m         34Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         4m           41Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   59m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   63m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               23m          159Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            61m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        8m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        118m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                177m         34Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         4m           41Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   59m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   63m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               23m          159Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            61m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        8m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        118m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                177m         34Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         4m           41Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   59m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   63m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               23m          159Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            61m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        8m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        118m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                177m         34Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         4m           41Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   59m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   63m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               23m          159Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            61m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        8m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        118m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                177m         34Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         4m           41Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   59m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   63m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               23m          159Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            61m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        8m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        118m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                177m         34Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         4m           41Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   59m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   63m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               23m          159Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            61m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        8m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        118m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                177m         34Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         4m           41Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   59m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   63m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               23m          159Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            61m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        8m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        118m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                177m         34Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         4m           41Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   59m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   63m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               23m          159Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            61m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        8m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        118m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                177m         34Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         4m           41Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   59m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   63m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               23m          159Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            61m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        8m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        118m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                177m         34Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         4m           41Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   59m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   63m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               23m          159Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            61m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        8m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        118m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                177m         34Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         4m           41Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   59m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   63m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               23m          159Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            61m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        8m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        118m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                177m         34Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         4m           41Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   59m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   63m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               23m          159Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            61m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        8m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        118m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                177m         34Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         4m           41Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   59m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   63m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               23m          159Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            61m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        8m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        118m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                177m         34Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         4m           41Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   59m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   63m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               23m          159Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            61m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        8m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        118m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                177m         34Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         4m           41Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   59m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   63m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               23m          159Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            61m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        8m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        118m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                177m         34Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         4m           41Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   59m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   63m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               23m          159Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            61m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        8m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        118m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                177m         34Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         4m           41Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   59m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   63m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               23m          159Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            61m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        8m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        118m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                177m         34Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         4m           41Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   59m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   63m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               23m          159Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            61m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        8m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        118m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                177m         34Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         4m           41Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   59m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   63m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               23m          159Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            61m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        8m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        118m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                177m         34Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         4m           41Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   59m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   63m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               23m          159Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            61m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        8m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        118m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                177m         34Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         4m           41Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   59m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   63m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               23m          159Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            61m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        8m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        118m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                177m         34Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         4m           41Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   59m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   63m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               23m          159Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            61m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        8m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        118m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                177m         34Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         4m           41Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   59m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   63m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               23m          159Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            61m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        8m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        118m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                177m         34Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         4m           41Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   59m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   63m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               23m          159Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            61m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        8m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        118m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                177m         34Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         4m           41Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   59m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   63m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               23m          159Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            61m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        8m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        118m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                177m         34Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         4m           41Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   59m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   63m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               23m          159Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            61m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        8m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        118m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                177m         34Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         4m           41Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   59m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   63m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               23m          159Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            61m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        8m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        118m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                177m         34Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         4m           41Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   59m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   63m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               23m          159Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            61m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        8m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        118m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                177m         34Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         4m           41Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   59m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   63m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               23m          159Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            61m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        8m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        118m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                177m         34Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         4m           41Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   59m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   63m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               23m          159Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            61m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        8m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        118m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                177m         34Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         4m           41Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   59m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   63m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               23m          159Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            61m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        8m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        118m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                177m         34Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         4m           41Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   59m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   63m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               23m          159Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            61m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        8m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        118m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                177m         34Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         4m           41Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   59m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   63m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               23m          159Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            61m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        8m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        118m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                177m         34Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         4m           41Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   59m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   63m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               23m          159Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            61m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        8m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        118m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                177m         34Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         4m           41Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   59m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   63m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               23m          159Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            61m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        8m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        118m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                177m         34Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         4m           41Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   59m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   63m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               23m          159Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            61m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        8m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        118m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                177m         34Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         4m           41Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   59m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   63m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           20Mi            
