NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               2m           159Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            1m           88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        1m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        1m           62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                1m           35Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         1m           41Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   1m           26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   2m           66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             2m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        1m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               2m           159Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            1m           88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        1m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        1m           62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                1m           35Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         1m           41Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   1m           26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   2m           66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             2m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        1m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               2m           159Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            1m           88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        1m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        1m           62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                1m           35Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         1m           41Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   1m           26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   2m           66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             2m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        1m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               2m           159Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            1m           88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        1m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        1m           62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                1m           35Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         1m           41Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   1m           26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   2m           66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             2m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        1m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               2m           159Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            1m           88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        1m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        1m           62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                1m           35Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         1m           41Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   1m           26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   2m           66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             2m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        1m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               2m           159Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            1m           88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        1m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        1m           62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                1m           35Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         1m           41Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   1m           26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   2m           66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             2m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        1m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               2m           159Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            1m           88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        1m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        1m           62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                1m           35Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         1m           41Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   1m           26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   2m           66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             2m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        1m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               2m           159Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            1m           88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        1m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        1m           62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                1m           35Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         1m           41Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   1m           26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   2m           66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             2m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        1m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               2m           159Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            1m           88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        1m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        1m           62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                1m           35Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         1m           41Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   1m           26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   2m           66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             2m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        1m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               2m           159Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            1m           88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        1m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        1m           62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                1m           35Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         1m           41Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   1m           26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   2m           66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             2m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        1m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               2m           159Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            1m           88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        1m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        1m           62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                1m           35Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         1m           41Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   1m           26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   2m           66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             2m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        1m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               2m           159Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            1m           88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        1m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        1m           62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                1m           35Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         1m           41Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   1m           26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   2m           66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             2m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        1m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               2m           159Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            1m           88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        1m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        1m           62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                1m           35Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         1m           41Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   1m           26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   2m           66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             2m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        1m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               2m           159Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            1m           88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        1m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        1m           62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                1m           35Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         1m           41Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   1m           26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   2m           66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             2m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        1m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               2m           159Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            1m           88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        1m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        1m           62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                1m           35Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         1m           41Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   1m           26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   2m           66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             2m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        1m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               6m           159Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            22m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        3m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        34m          62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                48m          34Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         1m           41Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   16m          25Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   18m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             3m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        3m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               6m           159Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            22m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        3m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        34m          62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                48m          34Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         1m           41Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   16m          25Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   18m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             3m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        3m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               6m           159Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            22m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        3m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        34m          62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                48m          34Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         1m           41Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   16m          25Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   18m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             3m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        3m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               6m           159Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            22m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        3m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        34m          62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                48m          34Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         1m           41Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   16m          25Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   18m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             3m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        3m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               6m           159Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            22m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        3m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        34m          62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                48m          34Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         1m           41Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   16m          25Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   18m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             3m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        3m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               6m           159Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            22m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        3m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        34m          62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                48m          34Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         1m           41Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   16m          25Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   18m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             3m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        3m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               6m           159Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            22m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        3m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        34m          62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                48m          34Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         1m           41Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   16m          25Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   18m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             3m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        3m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               6m           159Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            22m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        3m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        34m          62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                48m          34Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         1m           41Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   16m          25Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   18m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             3m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        3m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               6m           159Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            22m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        3m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        34m          62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                48m          34Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         1m           41Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   16m          25Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   18m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             3m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        3m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               6m           159Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            22m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        3m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        34m          62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                48m          34Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         1m           41Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   16m          25Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   18m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             3m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        3m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               6m           159Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            22m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        3m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        34m          62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                48m          34Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         1m           41Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   16m          25Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   18m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             3m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        3m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               6m           159Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            22m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        3m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        34m          62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                48m          34Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         1m           41Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   16m          25Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   18m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             3m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        3m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               6m           159Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            22m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        3m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        34m          62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                48m          34Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         1m           41Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   16m          25Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   18m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             3m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        3m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               6m           159Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            22m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        3m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        34m          62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                48m          34Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         1m           41Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   16m          25Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   18m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             3m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        3m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               6m           159Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            22m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        3m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        34m          62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                48m          34Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         1m           41Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   16m          25Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   18m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             3m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        3m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               6m           159Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            22m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        3m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        34m          62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                48m          34Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         1m           41Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   16m          25Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   18m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             3m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        3m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               6m           159Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            22m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        3m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        34m          62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                48m          34Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         1m           41Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   16m          25Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   18m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             3m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        3m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               6m           159Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            22m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        3m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        34m          62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                48m          34Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         1m           41Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   16m          25Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   18m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             3m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        3m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               6m           159Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            22m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        3m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        34m          62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                48m          34Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         1m           41Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   16m          25Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   18m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             3m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        3m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               6m           159Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            22m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        3m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        34m          62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                48m          34Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         1m           41Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   16m          25Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   18m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             3m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        3m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               6m           159Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            22m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        3m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        34m          62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                48m          34Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         1m           41Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   16m          25Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   18m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             3m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        3m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               6m           159Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            22m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        3m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        34m          62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                48m          34Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         1m           41Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   16m          25Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   18m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             3m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        3m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               6m           159Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            22m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        3m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        34m          62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                48m          34Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         1m           41Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   16m          25Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   18m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             3m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        3m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               6m           159Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            22m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        3m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        34m          62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                48m          34Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         1m           41Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   16m          25Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   18m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             3m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        3m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               6m           159Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            22m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        3m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        34m          62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                48m          34Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         1m           41Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   16m          25Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   18m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             3m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        3m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               6m           159Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            22m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        3m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        34m          62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                48m          34Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         1m           41Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   16m          25Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   18m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             3m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        3m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               6m           159Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            22m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        3m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        34m          62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                48m          34Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         1m           41Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   16m          25Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   18m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             3m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        3m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               6m           159Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            22m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        3m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        34m          62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                48m          34Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         1m           41Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   16m          25Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   18m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             3m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        3m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               6m           159Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            22m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        3m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        34m          62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                48m          34Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         1m           41Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   16m          25Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   18m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             3m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        3m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               6m           159Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            22m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        3m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        34m          62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                48m          34Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         1m           41Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   16m          25Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   18m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             3m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        3m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               6m           159Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            22m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        3m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        34m          62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                48m          34Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         1m           41Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   16m          25Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   18m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             3m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        3m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               6m           159Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            22m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        3m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        34m          62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                48m          34Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         1m           41Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   16m          25Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   18m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             3m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        3m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               6m           159Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            22m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        3m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        34m          62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                48m          34Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         1m           41Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   16m          25Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   18m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             3m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        3m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               6m           159Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            22m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        3m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        34m          62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                48m          34Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         1m           41Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   16m          25Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   18m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             3m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        3m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               6m           159Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            22m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        3m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        34m          62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                48m          34Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         1m           41Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   16m          25Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   18m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             3m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        3m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               6m           159Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            22m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        3m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        34m          62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                48m          34Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         1m           41Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   16m          25Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   18m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             3m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        3m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               6m           159Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            22m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        3m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        34m          62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                48m          34Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         1m           41Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   16m          25Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   18m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             3m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        3m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               6m           159Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            22m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        3m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        34m          62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                48m          34Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         1m           41Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   16m          25Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   18m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             3m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        3m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               6m           159Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            22m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        3m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        34m          62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                48m          34Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         1m           41Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   16m          25Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   18m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             3m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        3m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               6m           159Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            22m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        3m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        34m          62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                48m          34Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         1m           41Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   16m          25Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   18m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             3m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        3m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               6m           159Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            22m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        3m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        34m          62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                48m          34Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         1m           41Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   16m          25Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   18m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             3m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        3m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               6m           159Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            22m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        3m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        34m          62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                48m          34Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         1m           41Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   16m          25Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   18m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             3m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        3m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               6m           159Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            22m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        3m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        34m          62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                48m          34Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         1m           41Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   16m          25Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   18m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             3m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        3m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               6m           159Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            22m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        3m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        34m          62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                48m          34Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         1m           41Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   16m          25Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   18m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             3m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        3m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               6m           159Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            22m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        3m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        34m          62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                48m          34Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         1m           41Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   16m          25Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   18m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             3m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        3m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               6m           159Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            22m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        3m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        34m          62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                48m          34Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         1m           41Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   16m          25Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   18m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             3m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        3m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               6m           159Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            22m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        3m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        34m          62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                48m          34Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         1m           41Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   16m          25Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   18m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             3m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        3m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               6m           159Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            22m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        3m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        34m          62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                48m          34Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         1m           41Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   16m          25Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   18m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             3m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        3m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               6m           159Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            22m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        3m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        34m          62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                48m          34Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         1m           41Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   16m          25Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   18m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             3m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        3m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               6m           159Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            22m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        3m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        34m          62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                48m          34Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         1m           41Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   16m          25Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   18m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             3m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        3m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               6m           159Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            22m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        3m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        34m          62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                48m          34Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         1m           41Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   16m          25Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   18m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             3m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        3m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               6m           159Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            22m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        3m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        34m          62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                48m          34Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         1m           41Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   16m          25Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   18m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             3m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        3m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               6m           159Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            22m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        3m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        34m          62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                48m          34Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         1m           41Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   16m          25Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   18m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             3m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        3m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               6m           159Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            22m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        3m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        34m          62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                48m          34Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         1m           41Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   16m          25Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   18m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             3m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        3m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               6m           159Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            22m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        3m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        34m          62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                48m          34Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         1m           41Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   16m          25Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   18m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             3m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        3m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               6m           159Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            22m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        3m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        34m          62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                48m          34Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         1m           41Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   16m          25Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   18m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             3m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        3m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               6m           159Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            22m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        3m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        34m          62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                48m          34Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         1m           41Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   16m          25Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   18m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             3m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        3m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               22m          160Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            72m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        9m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        128m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                192m         34Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           42Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   64m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   68m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               22m          160Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            72m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        9m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        128m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                192m         34Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           42Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   64m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   68m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               22m          160Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            72m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        9m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        128m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                192m         34Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           42Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   64m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   68m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               22m          160Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            72m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        9m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        128m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                192m         34Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           42Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   64m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   68m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               22m          160Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            72m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        9m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        128m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                192m         34Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           42Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   64m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   68m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               22m          160Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            72m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        9m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        128m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                192m         34Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           42Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   64m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   68m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               22m          160Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            72m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        9m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        128m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                192m         34Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           42Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   64m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   68m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               22m          160Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            72m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        9m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        128m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                192m         34Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           42Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   64m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   68m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               22m          160Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            72m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        9m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        128m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                192m         34Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           42Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   64m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   68m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               22m          160Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            72m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        9m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        128m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                192m         34Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           42Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   64m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   68m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               22m          160Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            72m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        9m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        128m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                192m         34Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           42Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   64m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   68m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               22m          160Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            72m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        9m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        128m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                192m         34Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           42Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   64m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   68m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               22m          160Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            72m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        9m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        128m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                192m         34Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           42Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   64m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   68m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               22m          160Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            72m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        9m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        128m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                192m         34Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           42Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   64m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   68m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               22m          160Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            72m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        9m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        128m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                192m         34Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           42Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   64m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   68m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               22m          160Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            72m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        9m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        128m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                192m         34Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           42Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   64m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   68m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               22m          160Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            72m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        9m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        128m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                192m         34Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           42Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   64m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   68m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               22m          160Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            72m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        9m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        128m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                192m         34Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           42Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   64m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   68m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               22m          160Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            72m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        9m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        128m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                192m         34Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           42Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   64m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   68m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               22m          160Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            72m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        9m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        128m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                192m         34Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           42Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   64m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   68m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               22m          160Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            72m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        9m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        128m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                192m         34Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           42Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   64m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   68m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               22m          160Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            72m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        9m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        128m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                192m         34Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           42Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   64m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   68m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               22m          160Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            72m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        9m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        128m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                192m         34Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           42Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   64m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   68m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               22m          160Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            72m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        9m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        128m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                192m         34Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           42Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   64m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   68m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               22m          160Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            72m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        9m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        128m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                192m         34Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           42Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   64m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   68m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               22m          160Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            72m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        9m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        128m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                192m         34Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           42Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   64m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   68m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               22m          160Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            72m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        9m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        128m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                192m         34Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           42Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   64m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   68m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               22m          160Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            72m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        9m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        128m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                192m         34Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           42Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   64m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   68m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               22m          160Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            72m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        9m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        128m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                192m         34Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           42Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   64m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   68m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               22m          160Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            72m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        9m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        128m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                192m         34Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           42Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   64m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   68m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               22m          160Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            72m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        9m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        128m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                192m         34Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           42Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   64m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   68m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               22m          160Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            72m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        9m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        128m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                192m         34Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           42Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   64m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   68m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               22m          160Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            72m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        9m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        128m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                192m         34Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           42Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   64m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   68m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               22m          160Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            72m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        9m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        128m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                192m         34Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           42Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   64m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   68m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               22m          160Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            72m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        9m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        128m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                192m         34Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           42Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   64m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   68m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               22m          160Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            72m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        9m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        128m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                192m         34Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           42Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   64m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   68m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               22m          160Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            72m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        9m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        128m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                192m         34Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           42Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   64m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   68m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               22m          160Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            72m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        9m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        128m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                192m         34Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           42Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   64m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   68m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               22m          160Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            72m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        9m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        128m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                192m         34Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           42Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   64m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   68m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               22m          160Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            72m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        9m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        128m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                192m         34Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           42Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   64m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   68m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               22m          160Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            72m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        9m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        128m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                192m         34Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           42Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   64m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   68m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               22m          160Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            72m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        9m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        128m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                192m         34Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           42Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   64m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   68m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               22m          160Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            72m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        9m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        128m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                192m         34Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           42Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   64m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   68m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               22m          160Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            72m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        9m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        128m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                192m         34Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           42Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   64m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   68m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               22m          160Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            72m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        9m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        128m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                192m         34Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           42Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   64m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   68m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               22m          160Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            72m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        9m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        128m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                192m         34Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           42Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   64m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   68m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               22m          160Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            72m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        9m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        128m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                192m         34Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           42Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   64m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   68m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               22m          160Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            72m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        9m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        128m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                192m         34Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           42Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   64m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   68m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               22m          160Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            72m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        9m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        128m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                192m         34Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           42Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   64m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   68m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               22m          160Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            72m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        9m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        128m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                192m         34Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           42Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   64m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   68m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               22m          160Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            72m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        9m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        128m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                192m         34Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           42Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   64m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   68m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               22m          160Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            72m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        9m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        128m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                192m         34Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           42Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   64m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   68m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               22m          160Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            72m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        9m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        128m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                192m         34Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           42Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   64m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   68m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               22m          160Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            72m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        9m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        128m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                192m         34Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           42Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   64m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   68m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               22m          160Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            72m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        9m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        128m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                192m         34Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           42Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   64m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   68m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               22m          160Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            72m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        9m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        128m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                192m         34Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           42Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   64m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   68m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               22m          160Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            72m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        9m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        128m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                192m         34Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           42Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   64m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   68m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               21m          160Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            56m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        8m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        123m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                187m         35Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           41Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   62m          25Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   66m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               21m          160Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            56m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        8m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        123m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                187m         35Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           41Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   62m          25Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   66m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               21m          160Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            56m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        8m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        123m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                187m         35Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           41Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   62m          25Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   66m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               21m          160Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            56m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        8m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        123m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                187m         35Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           41Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   62m          25Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   66m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               21m          160Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            56m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        8m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        123m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                187m         35Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           41Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   62m          25Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   66m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               21m          160Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            56m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        8m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        123m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                187m         35Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           41Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   62m          25Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   66m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               21m          160Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            56m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        8m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        123m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                187m         35Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           41Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   62m          25Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   66m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               21m          160Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            56m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        8m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        123m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                187m         35Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           41Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   62m          25Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   66m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               21m          160Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            56m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        8m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        123m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                187m         35Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           41Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   62m          25Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   66m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               21m          160Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            56m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        8m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        123m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                187m         35Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           41Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   62m          25Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   66m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               21m          160Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            56m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        8m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        123m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                187m         35Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           41Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   62m          25Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   66m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               21m          160Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            56m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        8m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        123m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                187m         35Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           41Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   62m          25Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   66m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               21m          160Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            56m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        8m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        123m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                187m         35Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           41Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   62m          25Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   66m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               21m          160Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            56m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        8m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        123m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                187m         35Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           41Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   62m          25Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   66m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               21m          160Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            56m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        8m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        123m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                187m         35Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           41Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   62m          25Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   66m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               21m          160Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            56m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        8m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        123m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                187m         35Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           41Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   62m          25Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   66m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               21m          160Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            56m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        8m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        123m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                187m         35Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           41Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   62m          25Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   66m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               21m          160Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            56m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        8m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        123m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                187m         35Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           41Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   62m          25Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   66m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               21m          160Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            56m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        8m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        123m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                187m         35Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           41Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   62m          25Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   66m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               21m          160Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            56m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        8m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        123m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                187m         35Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           41Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   62m          25Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   66m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               21m          160Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            56m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        8m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        123m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                187m         35Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           41Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   62m          25Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   66m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               21m          160Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            56m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        8m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        123m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                187m         35Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           41Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   62m          25Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   66m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               21m          160Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            56m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        8m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        123m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                187m         35Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           41Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   62m          25Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   66m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               21m          160Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            56m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        8m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        123m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                187m         35Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           41Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   62m          25Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   66m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               21m          160Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            56m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        8m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        123m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                187m         35Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           41Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   62m          25Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   66m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               21m          160Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            56m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        8m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        123m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                187m         35Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           41Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   62m          25Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   66m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               21m          160Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            56m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        8m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        123m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                187m         35Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           41Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   62m          25Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   66m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               21m          160Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            56m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        8m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        123m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                187m         35Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           41Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   62m          25Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   66m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               21m          160Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            56m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        8m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        123m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                187m         35Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           41Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   62m          25Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   66m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               21m          160Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            56m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        8m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        123m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                187m         35Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           41Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   62m          25Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   66m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               21m          160Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            56m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        8m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        123m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                187m         35Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           41Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   62m          25Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   66m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               21m          160Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            56m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        8m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        123m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                187m         35Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           41Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   62m          25Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   66m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               21m          160Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            56m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        8m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        123m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                187m         35Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           41Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   62m          25Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   66m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               21m          160Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            56m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        8m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        123m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                187m         35Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           41Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   62m          25Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   66m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               21m          160Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            56m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        8m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        123m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                187m         35Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           41Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   62m          25Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   66m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               21m          160Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            56m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        8m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        123m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                187m         35Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           41Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   62m          25Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   66m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               21m          160Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            56m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        8m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        123m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                187m         35Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           41Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   62m          25Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   66m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               21m          160Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            56m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        8m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        123m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                187m         35Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           41Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   62m          25Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   66m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               21m          160Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            56m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        8m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        123m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                187m         35Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           41Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   62m          25Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   66m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               21m          160Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            56m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        8m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        123m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                187m         35Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           41Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   62m          25Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   66m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               21m          160Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            56m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        8m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        123m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                187m         35Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           41Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   62m          25Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   66m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               21m          160Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            56m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        8m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        123m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                187m         35Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           41Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   62m          25Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   66m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               21m          160Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            56m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        8m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        123m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                187m         35Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           41Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   62m          25Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   66m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               21m          160Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            56m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        8m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        123m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                187m         35Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           41Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   62m          25Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   66m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               21m          160Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            56m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        8m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        123m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                187m         35Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           41Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   62m          25Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   66m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               21m          160Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            56m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        8m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        123m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                187m         35Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           41Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   62m          25Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   66m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               21m          160Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            56m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        8m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        123m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                187m         35Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           41Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   62m          25Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   66m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               21m          160Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            56m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        8m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        123m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                187m         35Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           41Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   62m          25Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   66m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               21m          160Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            56m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        8m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        123m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                187m         35Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           41Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   62m          25Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   66m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               21m          160Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            56m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        8m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        123m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                187m         35Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           41Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   62m          25Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   66m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               21m          160Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            56m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        8m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        123m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                187m         35Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           41Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   62m          25Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   66m          66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           21Mi            
