NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           118Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           40Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           118Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           40Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           118Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           40Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           118Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           40Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           118Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           40Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           118Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           40Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           118Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           40Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           118Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           40Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           118Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           40Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           118Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           40Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           118Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           40Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           118Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           40Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           118Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           40Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           118Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           40Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           118Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           40Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           118Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           40Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           118Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           40Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           118Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           40Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           118Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           40Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           118Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           40Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           118Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           40Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           118Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           40Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           118Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           40Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           118Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           40Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           118Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           40Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           118Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           40Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           118Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           40Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           118Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           40Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           118Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           40Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           118Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           40Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           118Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           40Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           118Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           40Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           118Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           40Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           118Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           40Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           118Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           40Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           118Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           40Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           118Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           40Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           118Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           40Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           118Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           40Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           118Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           40Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           118Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           40Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           118Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           40Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           118Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           40Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           118Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           40Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           118Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           40Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           118Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           40Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           118Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           40Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           118Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           40Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           118Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           40Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           118Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           40Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           118Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           40Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           118Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           40Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           118Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           40Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           118Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           40Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           118Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           40Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           118Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           40Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           118Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           40Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          118Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             72m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                186m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    63m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   46m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          118Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             72m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                186m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    63m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   46m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          118Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             72m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                186m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    63m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   46m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          118Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             72m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                186m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    63m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   46m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          118Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             72m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                186m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    63m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   46m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          118Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             72m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                186m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    63m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   46m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          118Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             72m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                186m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    63m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   46m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          118Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             72m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                186m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    63m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   46m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          118Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             72m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                186m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    63m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   46m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          118Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             72m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                186m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    63m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   46m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          118Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             72m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                186m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    63m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   46m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          118Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             72m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                186m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    63m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   46m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          118Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             72m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                186m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    63m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   46m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          118Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             72m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                186m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    63m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   46m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          118Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             72m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                186m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    63m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   46m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          118Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             72m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                186m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    63m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   46m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          118Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             72m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                186m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    63m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   46m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          118Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             72m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                186m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    63m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   46m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          118Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             72m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                186m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    63m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   46m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          118Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             72m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                186m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    63m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   46m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          118Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             72m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                186m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    63m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   46m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          118Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             72m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                186m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    63m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   46m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          118Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             72m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                186m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    63m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   46m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          118Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             72m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                186m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    63m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   46m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          118Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             72m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                186m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    63m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   46m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          118Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             72m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                186m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    63m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   46m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          118Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             72m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                186m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    63m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   46m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          118Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             72m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                186m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    63m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   46m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          118Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             72m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                186m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    63m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   46m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          118Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             72m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                186m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    63m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   46m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          118Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             72m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                186m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    63m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   46m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          118Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             72m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                186m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    63m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   46m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          118Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             72m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                186m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    63m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   46m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          118Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             72m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                186m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    63m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   46m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          118Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             72m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                186m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    63m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   46m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          118Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             72m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                186m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    63m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   46m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          118Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             72m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                186m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    63m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   46m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          118Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             72m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                186m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    63m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   46m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          118Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             72m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                186m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    63m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   46m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          118Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             72m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                186m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    63m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   46m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          118Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             72m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                186m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    63m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   46m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          118Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             72m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                186m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    63m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   46m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          118Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             72m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                186m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    63m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   46m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          118Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             72m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                186m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    63m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   46m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          118Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             72m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                186m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    63m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   46m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          118Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             72m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                186m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    63m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   46m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          118Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             72m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                186m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    63m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   46m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          118Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             72m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                186m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    63m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   46m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          118Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             72m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                186m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    63m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   46m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          118Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             72m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                186m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    63m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   46m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          118Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             72m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                186m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    63m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   46m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          118Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             72m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                186m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    63m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   46m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          118Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             72m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                186m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    63m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   46m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          118Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             72m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                186m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    63m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   46m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          118Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             72m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                186m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    63m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   46m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          118Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             72m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                186m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    63m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   46m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          118Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             72m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                186m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    63m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   46m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          118Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             67m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                188m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   47m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          118Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             67m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                188m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   47m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          118Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             67m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                188m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   47m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          118Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             67m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                188m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   47m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          118Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             67m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                188m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   47m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          118Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             67m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                188m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   47m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          118Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             67m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                188m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   47m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          118Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             67m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                188m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   47m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          118Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             67m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                188m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   47m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          118Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             67m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                188m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   47m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          118Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             67m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                188m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   47m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          118Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             67m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                188m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   47m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          118Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             67m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                188m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   47m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          118Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             67m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                188m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   47m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          118Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             67m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                188m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   47m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          118Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             67m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                188m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   47m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          118Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             67m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                188m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   47m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          118Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             67m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                188m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   47m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          118Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             67m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                188m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   47m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          118Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             67m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                188m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   47m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          118Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             67m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                188m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   47m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          118Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             67m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                188m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   47m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          118Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             67m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                188m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   47m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          118Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             67m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                188m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   47m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          118Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             67m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                188m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   47m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          118Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             67m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                188m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   47m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          118Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             67m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                188m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   47m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          118Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             67m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                188m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   47m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          118Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             67m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                188m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   47m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          118Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             67m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                188m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   47m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          118Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             67m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                188m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   47m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          118Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             67m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                188m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   47m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          118Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             67m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                188m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   47m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          118Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             67m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                188m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   47m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          118Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             67m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                188m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   47m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          118Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             67m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                188m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   47m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          118Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             67m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                188m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   47m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          118Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             67m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                188m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   47m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          118Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             67m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                188m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   47m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          118Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             67m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                188m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   47m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          118Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             67m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                188m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   47m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          118Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             67m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                188m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   47m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          118Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             67m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                188m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   47m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          118Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             67m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                188m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   47m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          118Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             67m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                188m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   47m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          118Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             67m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                188m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   47m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          118Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             67m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                188m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   47m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          118Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             67m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                188m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   47m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          118Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             67m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                188m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   47m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          118Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             67m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                188m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   47m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          118Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             67m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                188m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   47m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          118Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             67m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                188m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   47m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          118Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             67m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                188m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   47m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          118Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             67m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                188m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   47m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          118Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             67m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                188m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   47m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          118Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             67m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                188m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    64m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   47m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          118Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             61m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                187m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   46m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          118Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             61m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                187m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   46m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          118Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             61m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                187m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   46m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          118Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             61m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                187m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   46m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          118Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             61m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                187m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   46m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          118Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             61m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                187m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   46m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          118Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             61m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                187m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   46m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          118Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             61m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                187m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   46m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          118Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             61m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                187m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   46m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          118Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             61m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                187m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   46m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           4Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
