NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               11m          130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             39m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         73m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                107m         22Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    34m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   40m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               11m          130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             39m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         73m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                107m         22Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    34m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   40m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               11m          130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             39m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         73m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                107m         22Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    34m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   40m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               11m          130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             39m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         73m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                107m         22Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    34m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   40m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               11m          130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             39m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         73m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                107m         22Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    34m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   40m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               11m          130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             39m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         73m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                107m         22Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    34m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   40m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               11m          130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             39m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         73m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                107m         22Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    34m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   40m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               11m          130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             39m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         73m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                107m         22Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    34m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   40m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               11m          130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             39m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         73m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                107m         22Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    34m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   40m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               11m          130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             39m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         73m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                107m         22Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    34m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   40m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               11m          130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             39m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         73m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                107m         22Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    34m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   40m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               11m          130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             39m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         73m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                107m         22Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    34m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   40m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               11m          130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             39m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         73m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                107m         22Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    34m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   40m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               11m          130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             39m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         73m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                107m         22Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    34m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   40m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               11m          130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             39m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         73m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                107m         22Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    34m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   40m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               11m          130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             39m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         73m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                107m         22Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    34m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   40m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               11m          130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             39m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         73m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                107m         22Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    34m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   40m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               11m          130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             39m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         73m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                107m         22Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    34m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   40m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               11m          130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             39m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         73m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                107m         22Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    34m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   40m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               11m          130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             39m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         73m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                107m         22Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    34m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   40m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               11m          130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             39m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         73m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                107m         22Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    34m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   40m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               11m          130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             39m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         73m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                107m         22Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    34m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   40m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               11m          130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             39m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         73m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                107m         22Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    34m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   40m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               11m          130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             39m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         73m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                107m         22Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    34m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   40m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               11m          130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             39m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         73m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                107m         22Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    34m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   40m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               11m          130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             39m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         73m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                107m         22Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    34m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   40m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               11m          130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             39m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         73m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                107m         22Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    34m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   40m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               11m          130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             39m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         73m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                107m         22Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    34m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   40m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               11m          130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             39m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         73m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                107m         22Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    34m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   40m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               11m          130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             39m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         73m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                107m         22Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    34m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   40m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               11m          130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             39m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         73m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                107m         22Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    34m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   40m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               11m          130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             39m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         73m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                107m         22Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    34m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   40m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               11m          130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             39m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         73m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                107m         22Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    34m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   40m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               11m          130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             39m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         73m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                107m         22Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    34m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   40m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               11m          130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             39m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         73m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                107m         22Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    34m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   40m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               11m          130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             39m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         73m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                107m         22Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    34m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   40m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               11m          130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             39m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         73m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                107m         22Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    34m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   40m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               11m          130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             39m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         73m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                107m         22Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    34m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   40m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               11m          130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             39m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         73m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                107m         22Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    34m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   40m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               11m          130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             39m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         73m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                107m         22Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    34m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   40m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               11m          130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             39m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         73m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                107m         22Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    34m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   40m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               11m          130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             39m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         73m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                107m         22Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    34m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   40m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               11m          130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             39m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         73m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                107m         22Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    34m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   40m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               11m          130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             39m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         73m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                107m         22Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    34m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   40m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               11m          130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             39m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         73m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                107m         22Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    34m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   40m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               11m          130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             39m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         73m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                107m         22Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    34m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   40m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               11m          130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             39m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         73m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                107m         22Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    34m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   40m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               11m          130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             39m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         73m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                107m         22Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    34m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   40m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               11m          130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             39m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         73m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                107m         22Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    34m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   40m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               11m          130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             39m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         73m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                107m         22Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    34m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   40m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               11m          130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             39m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         73m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                107m         22Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    34m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   40m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               11m          130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             39m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         73m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                107m         22Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    34m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   40m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               11m          130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             39m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         73m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                107m         22Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    34m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   40m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               11m          130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             39m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         73m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                107m         22Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    34m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   40m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               11m          130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             39m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         73m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                107m         22Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    34m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   40m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               11m          130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             39m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         73m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                107m         22Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    34m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   40m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             56m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                191m         21Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   70m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              12m          32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             56m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                191m         21Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   70m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              12m          32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             56m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                191m         21Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   70m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              12m          32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             56m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                191m         21Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   70m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              12m          32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             56m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                191m         21Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   70m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              12m          32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             56m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                191m         21Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   70m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              12m          32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             56m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                191m         21Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   70m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              12m          32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             56m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                191m         21Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   70m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              12m          32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             56m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                191m         21Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   70m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              12m          32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             56m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                191m         21Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   70m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              12m          32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             56m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                191m         21Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   70m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              12m          32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             56m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                191m         21Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   70m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              12m          32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             56m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                191m         21Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   70m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              12m          32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             56m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                191m         21Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   70m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              12m          32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             56m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                191m         21Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   70m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              12m          32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             56m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                191m         21Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   70m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              12m          32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             56m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                191m         21Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   70m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              12m          32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             56m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                191m         21Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   70m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              12m          32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             56m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                191m         21Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   70m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              12m          32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             56m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                191m         21Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   70m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              12m          32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             56m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                191m         21Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   70m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              12m          32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             56m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                191m         21Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   70m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              12m          32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             56m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                191m         21Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   70m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              12m          32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             56m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                191m         21Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   70m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              12m          32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             56m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                191m         21Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   70m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              12m          32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             56m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                191m         21Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   70m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              12m          32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             56m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                191m         21Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   70m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              12m          32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             56m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                191m         21Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   70m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              12m          32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             56m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                191m         21Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   70m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              12m          32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             56m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                191m         21Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   70m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              12m          32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             56m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                191m         21Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   70m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              12m          32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             56m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                191m         21Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   70m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              12m          32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             56m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                191m         21Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   70m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              12m          32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             56m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                191m         21Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   70m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              12m          32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             56m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                191m         21Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   70m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              12m          32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             56m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                191m         21Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   70m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              12m          32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             56m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                191m         21Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   70m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              12m          32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             56m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                191m         21Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   70m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              12m          32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             56m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                191m         21Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   70m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              12m          32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             56m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                191m         21Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   70m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              12m          32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             56m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                191m         21Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   70m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              12m          32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             56m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                191m         21Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   70m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              12m          32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             56m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                191m         21Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   70m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              12m          32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             56m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                191m         21Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   70m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              12m          32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             56m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                191m         21Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   70m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              12m          32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             56m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                191m         21Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   70m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              12m          32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             56m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                191m         21Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   70m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              12m          32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             56m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                191m         21Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   70m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              12m          32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             56m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                191m         21Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   70m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              12m          32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             56m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                191m         21Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   70m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              12m          32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             56m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                191m         21Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   70m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              12m          32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             56m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                191m         21Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   70m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              12m          32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             56m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                191m         21Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   70m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              12m          32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             56m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                191m         21Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   70m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              12m          32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             56m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                191m         21Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   70m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              12m          32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             56m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                191m         21Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   70m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              12m          32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             56m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                191m         21Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   70m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              12m          32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             55m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   69m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             55m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   69m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             55m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   69m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             55m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   69m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             55m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   69m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             55m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   69m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             55m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   69m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             55m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   69m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             55m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   69m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             55m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   69m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             55m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   69m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             55m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   69m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             55m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   69m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             55m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   69m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             55m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   69m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             55m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   69m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             55m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   69m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             55m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   69m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             55m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   69m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             55m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   69m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             55m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   69m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             55m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   69m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             55m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   69m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             55m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   69m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             55m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   69m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             55m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   69m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             55m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   69m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             55m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   69m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             55m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   69m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             55m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   69m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             55m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   69m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             55m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   69m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             55m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   69m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          130Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             55m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   69m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           9Mi             
