NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           32Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           32Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           32Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           32Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           32Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             8m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         9m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                12m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    4m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   4m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             8m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         9m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                12m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    4m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   4m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             8m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         9m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                12m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    4m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   4m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             8m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         9m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                12m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    4m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   4m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             8m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         9m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                12m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    4m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   4m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             8m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         9m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                12m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    4m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   4m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             8m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         9m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                12m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    4m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   4m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             8m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         9m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                12m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    4m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   4m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             8m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         9m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                12m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    4m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   4m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             8m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         9m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                12m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    4m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   4m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             8m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         9m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                12m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    4m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   4m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             8m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         9m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                12m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    4m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   4m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             8m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         9m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                12m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    4m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   4m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             8m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         9m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                12m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    4m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   4m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             8m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         9m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                12m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    4m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   4m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             8m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         9m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                12m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    4m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   4m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             8m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         9m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                12m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    4m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   4m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             8m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         9m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                12m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    4m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   4m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             8m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         9m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                12m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    4m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   4m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             8m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         9m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                12m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    4m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   4m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             8m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         9m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                12m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    4m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   4m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             8m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         9m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                12m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    4m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   4m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             8m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         9m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                12m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    4m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   4m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             8m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         9m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                12m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    4m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   4m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             8m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         9m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                12m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    4m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   4m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             8m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         9m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                12m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    4m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   4m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             8m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         9m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                12m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    4m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   4m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             8m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         9m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                12m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    4m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   4m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             8m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         9m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                12m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    4m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   4m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             8m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         9m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                12m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    4m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   4m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             8m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         9m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                12m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    4m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   4m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             8m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         9m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                12m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    4m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   4m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             8m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         9m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                12m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    4m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   4m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             8m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         9m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                12m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    4m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   4m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             8m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         9m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                12m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    4m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   4m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             8m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         9m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                12m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    4m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   4m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             8m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         9m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                12m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    4m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   4m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             8m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         9m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                12m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    4m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   4m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             8m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         9m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                12m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    4m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   4m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             8m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         9m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                12m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    4m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   4m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             8m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         9m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                12m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    4m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   4m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             8m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         9m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                12m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    4m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   4m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             8m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         9m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                12m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    4m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   4m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             8m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         9m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                12m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    4m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   4m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             8m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         9m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                12m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    4m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   4m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             8m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         9m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                12m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    4m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   4m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             8m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         9m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                12m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    4m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   4m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             8m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         9m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                12m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    4m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   4m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             8m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         9m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                12m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    4m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   4m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             8m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         9m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                12m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    4m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   4m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             8m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         9m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                12m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    4m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   4m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             8m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         9m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                12m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    4m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   4m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             8m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         9m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                12m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    4m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   4m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             8m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         9m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                12m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    4m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   4m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             8m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         9m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                12m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    4m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   4m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             8m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         9m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                12m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    4m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   4m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             8m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         9m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                12m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    4m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   4m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             82m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         108m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                152m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    48m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   31m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              7m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             82m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         108m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                152m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    48m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   31m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              7m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             82m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         108m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                152m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    48m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   31m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              7m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             82m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         108m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                152m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    48m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   31m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              7m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             82m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         108m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                152m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    48m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   31m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              7m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             82m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         108m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                152m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    48m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   31m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              7m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             82m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         108m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                152m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    48m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   31m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              7m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             82m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         108m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                152m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    48m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   31m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              7m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             82m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         108m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                152m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    48m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   31m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              7m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             82m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         108m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                152m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    48m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   31m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              7m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             82m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         108m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                152m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    48m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   31m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              7m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             82m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         108m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                152m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    48m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   31m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              7m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             82m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         108m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                152m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    48m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   31m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              7m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             82m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         108m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                152m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    48m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   31m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              7m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             82m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         108m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                152m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    48m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   31m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              7m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             82m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         108m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                152m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    48m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   31m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              7m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             82m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         108m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                152m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    48m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   31m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              7m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             82m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         108m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                152m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    48m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   31m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              7m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             82m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         108m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                152m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    48m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   31m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              7m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             82m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         108m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                152m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    48m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   31m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              7m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             82m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         108m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                152m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    48m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   31m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              7m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             82m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         108m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                152m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    48m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   31m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              7m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             82m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         108m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                152m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    48m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   31m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              7m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             82m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         108m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                152m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    48m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   31m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              7m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             82m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         108m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                152m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    48m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   31m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              7m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             82m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         108m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                152m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    48m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   31m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              7m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             82m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         108m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                152m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    48m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   31m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              7m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             82m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         108m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                152m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    48m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   31m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              7m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             82m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         108m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                152m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    48m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   31m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              7m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             82m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         108m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                152m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    48m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   31m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              7m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             82m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         108m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                152m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    48m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   31m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              7m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             82m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         108m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                152m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    48m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   31m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              7m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             82m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         108m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                152m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    48m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   31m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              7m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             82m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         108m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                152m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    48m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   31m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              7m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             82m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         108m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                152m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    48m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   31m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              7m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             82m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         108m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                152m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    48m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   31m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              7m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             82m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         108m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                152m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    48m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   31m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              7m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             82m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         108m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                152m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    48m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   31m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              7m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             82m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         108m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                152m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    48m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   31m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              7m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             82m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         108m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                152m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    48m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   31m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              7m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             82m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         108m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                152m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    48m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   31m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              7m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             82m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         108m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                152m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    48m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   31m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              7m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             82m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         108m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                152m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    48m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   31m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              7m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             82m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         108m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                152m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    48m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   31m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              7m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             82m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         108m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                152m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    48m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   31m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              7m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             82m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         108m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                152m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    48m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   31m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              7m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             82m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         108m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                152m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    48m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   31m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              7m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             82m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         108m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                152m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    48m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   31m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              7m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             82m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         108m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                152m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    48m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   31m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              7m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             82m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         108m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                152m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    48m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   31m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              7m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             82m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         108m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                152m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    48m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   31m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              7m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             82m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         108m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                152m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    48m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   31m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              7m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             82m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         108m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                152m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    48m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   31m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              7m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             82m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         108m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                152m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    48m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   31m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              7m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             82m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         108m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                152m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    48m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   31m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              7m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             82m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         108m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                152m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    48m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   31m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              7m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             82m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         108m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                152m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    48m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   31m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              7m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             82m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         111m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                158m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    49m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   31m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             82m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         111m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                158m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    49m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   31m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             82m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         111m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                158m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    49m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   31m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             82m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         111m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                158m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    49m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   31m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             82m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         111m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                158m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    49m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   31m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             82m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         111m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                158m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    49m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   31m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             82m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         111m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                158m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    49m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   31m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             82m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         111m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                158m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    49m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   31m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             82m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         111m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                158m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    49m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   31m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             82m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         111m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                158m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    49m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   31m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             82m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         111m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                158m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    49m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   31m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             82m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         111m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                158m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    49m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   31m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             82m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         111m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                158m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    49m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   31m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             82m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         111m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                158m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    49m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   31m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             82m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         111m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                158m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    49m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   31m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             82m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         111m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                158m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    49m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   31m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             82m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         111m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                158m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    49m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   31m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             82m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         111m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                158m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    49m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   31m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             82m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         111m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                158m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    49m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   31m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             82m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         111m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                158m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    49m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   31m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             82m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         111m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                158m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    49m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   31m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             82m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         111m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                158m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    49m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   31m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             82m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         111m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                158m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    49m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   31m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             82m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         111m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                158m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    49m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   31m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             82m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         111m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                158m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    49m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   31m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             82m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         111m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                158m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    49m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   31m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             82m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         111m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                158m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    49m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   31m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             82m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         111m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                158m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    49m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   31m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             82m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         111m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                158m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    49m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   31m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             82m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         111m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                158m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    49m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   31m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             82m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         111m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                158m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    49m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   31m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             82m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         111m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                158m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    49m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   31m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             82m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         111m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                158m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    49m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   31m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             82m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         111m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                158m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    49m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   31m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             82m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         111m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                158m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    49m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   31m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             82m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         111m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                158m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    49m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   31m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             82m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         111m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                158m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    49m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   31m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             82m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         111m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                158m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    49m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   31m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             82m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         111m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                158m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    49m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   31m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             82m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         111m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                158m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    49m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   31m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             82m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         111m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                158m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    49m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   31m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             82m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         111m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                158m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    49m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   31m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             82m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         111m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                158m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    49m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   31m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             82m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         111m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                158m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    49m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   31m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             82m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         111m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                158m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    49m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   31m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             82m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         111m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                158m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    49m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   31m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             82m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         111m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                158m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    49m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   31m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             82m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         111m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                158m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    49m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   31m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             82m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         111m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                158m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    49m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   31m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             82m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         111m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                158m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    49m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   31m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             82m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         111m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                158m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    49m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   31m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             82m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         111m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                158m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    49m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   31m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             82m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         111m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                158m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    49m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   31m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             82m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         111m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                158m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    49m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   31m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             82m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         111m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                158m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    49m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   31m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             82m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         111m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                158m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    49m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   31m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             82m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         111m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                158m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    49m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   31m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               11m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             44m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         96m          31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                137m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    43m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   27m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               11m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             44m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         96m          31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                137m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    43m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   27m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               11m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             44m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         96m          31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                137m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    43m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   27m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               11m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             44m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         96m          31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                137m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    43m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   27m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
