NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           26Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           26Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           26Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           26Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             5m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         8m           30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                11m          19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    4m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   5m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           26Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             5m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         8m           30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                11m          19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    4m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   5m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           26Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             5m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         8m           30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                11m          19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    4m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   5m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           26Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             5m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         8m           30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                11m          19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    4m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   5m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           26Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             5m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         8m           30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                11m          19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    4m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   5m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           26Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             5m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         8m           30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                11m          19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    4m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   5m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           26Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             5m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         8m           30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                11m          19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    4m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   5m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           26Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             5m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         8m           30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                11m          19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    4m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   5m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           26Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             5m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         8m           30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                11m          19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    4m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   5m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           26Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             5m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         8m           30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                11m          19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    4m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   5m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           26Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             5m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         8m           30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                11m          19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    4m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   5m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           26Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             5m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         8m           30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                11m          19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    4m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   5m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           26Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             5m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         8m           30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                11m          19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    4m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   5m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           26Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             5m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         8m           30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                11m          19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    4m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   5m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           26Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             5m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         8m           30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                11m          19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    4m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   5m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           26Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             5m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         8m           30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                11m          19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    4m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   5m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           26Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             5m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         8m           30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                11m          19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    4m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   5m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           26Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             5m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         8m           30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                11m          19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    4m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   5m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           26Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             5m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         8m           30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                11m          19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    4m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   5m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           26Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             5m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         8m           30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                11m          19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    4m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   5m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           26Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             5m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         8m           30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                11m          19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    4m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   5m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           26Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             5m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         8m           30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                11m          19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    4m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   5m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           26Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             5m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         8m           30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                11m          19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    4m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   5m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           26Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             5m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         8m           30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                11m          19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    4m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   5m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           26Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             5m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         8m           30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                11m          19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    4m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   5m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           26Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             5m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         8m           30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                11m          19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    4m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   5m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           26Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             5m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         8m           30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                11m          19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    4m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   5m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           26Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             5m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         8m           30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                11m          19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    4m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   5m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           26Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             5m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         8m           30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                11m          19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    4m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   5m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           26Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             5m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         8m           30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                11m          19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    4m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   5m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           26Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             5m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         8m           30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                11m          19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    4m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   5m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           26Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             5m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         8m           30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                11m          19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    4m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   5m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           26Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             5m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         8m           30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                11m          19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    4m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   5m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           26Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             5m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         8m           30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                11m          19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    4m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   5m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           26Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             5m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         8m           30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                11m          19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    4m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   5m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           26Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             5m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         8m           30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                11m          19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    4m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   5m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           26Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             5m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         8m           30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                11m          19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    4m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   5m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           26Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             5m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         8m           30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                11m          19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    4m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   5m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           26Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             5m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         8m           30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                11m          19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    4m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   5m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           26Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             5m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         8m           30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                11m          19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    4m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   5m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           26Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             5m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         8m           30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                11m          19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    4m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   5m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           26Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             5m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         8m           30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                11m          19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    4m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   5m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           26Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             5m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         8m           30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                11m          19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    4m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   5m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           26Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             5m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         8m           30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                11m          19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    4m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   5m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           26Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             5m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         8m           30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                11m          19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    4m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   5m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           26Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             5m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         8m           30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                11m          19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    4m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   5m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           26Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             5m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         8m           30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                11m          19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    4m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   5m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           26Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             5m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         8m           30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                11m          19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    4m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   5m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           26Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             5m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         8m           30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                11m          19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    4m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   5m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           26Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             5m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         8m           30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                11m          19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    4m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   5m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           26Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             5m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         8m           30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                11m          19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    4m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   5m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           26Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             5m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         8m           30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                11m          19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    4m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   5m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           26Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             5m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         8m           30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                11m          19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    4m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   5m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           26Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             5m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         8m           30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                11m          19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    4m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   5m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           26Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             5m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         8m           30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                11m          19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    4m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   5m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           26Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             5m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         8m           30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                11m          19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    4m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   5m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           26Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             5m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         8m           30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                11m          19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    4m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   5m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           26Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               20m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             57m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                187m         20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   61m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           26Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               20m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             57m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                187m         20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   61m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           26Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               20m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             57m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                187m         20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   61m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           26Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               20m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             57m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                187m         20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   61m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           26Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               20m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             57m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                187m         20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   61m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           26Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               20m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             57m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                187m         20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   61m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           26Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               20m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             57m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                187m         20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   61m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           26Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               20m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             57m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                187m         20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   61m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           26Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               20m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             57m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                187m         20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   61m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           26Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               20m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             57m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                187m         20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   61m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           26Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               20m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             57m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                187m         20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   61m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           26Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               20m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             57m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                187m         20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   61m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           26Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               20m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             57m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                187m         20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   61m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           26Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               20m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             57m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                187m         20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   61m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           26Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               20m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             57m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                187m         20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   61m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           26Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               20m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             57m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                187m         20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   61m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           26Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               20m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             57m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                187m         20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   61m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           26Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               20m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             57m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                187m         20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   61m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           26Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               20m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             57m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                187m         20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   61m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           26Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               20m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             57m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                187m         20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   61m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           26Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               20m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             57m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                187m         20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   61m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           26Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               20m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             57m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                187m         20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   61m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           26Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               20m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             57m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                187m         20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   61m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           26Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               20m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             57m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                187m         20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   61m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           26Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               20m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             57m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                187m         20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   61m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           26Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               20m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             57m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                187m         20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   61m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           26Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               20m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             57m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                187m         20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   61m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           26Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               20m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             57m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                187m         20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   61m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           26Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               20m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             57m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                187m         20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   61m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           26Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               20m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             57m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                187m         20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   61m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           26Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               20m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             57m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                187m         20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   61m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           26Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               20m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             57m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                187m         20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   61m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           26Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               20m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             57m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                187m         20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   61m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           26Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               20m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             57m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                187m         20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   61m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           26Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               20m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             57m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                187m         20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   61m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           26Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               20m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             57m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                187m         20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   61m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           26Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               20m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             57m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                187m         20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   61m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           26Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               20m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             57m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                187m         20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   61m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           26Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               20m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             57m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                187m         20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   61m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           26Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               20m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             57m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                187m         20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   61m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           26Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               20m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             57m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                187m         20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   61m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           26Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               20m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             57m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                187m         20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   61m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           26Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               20m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             57m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                187m         20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   61m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           26Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               20m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             57m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                187m         20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   61m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           26Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               20m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             57m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                187m         20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   61m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           26Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               20m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             57m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                187m         20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   61m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           26Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               20m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             57m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                187m         20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   61m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           26Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               20m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             57m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                187m         20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   61m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           26Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               20m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             57m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                187m         20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   61m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           26Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               20m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             57m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                187m         20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   61m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           26Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               20m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             57m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                187m         20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   61m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           26Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               20m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             57m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                187m         20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   61m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           26Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               20m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             57m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                187m         20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   61m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           26Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               20m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             57m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                187m         20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   61m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           26Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               20m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             57m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                187m         20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   61m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           26Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               20m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             57m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                187m         20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   61m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           26Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               20m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             57m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                187m         20Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   61m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           26Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               20m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             50m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         132m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   60m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           26Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               20m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             50m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         132m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   60m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           26Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               20m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             50m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         132m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   60m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           26Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               20m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             50m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         132m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   60m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           26Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               20m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             50m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         132m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   60m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           26Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               20m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             50m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         132m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   60m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           26Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               20m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             50m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         132m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   60m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           26Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               20m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             50m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         132m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   60m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           26Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               20m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             50m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         132m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   60m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           26Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               20m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             50m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         132m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   60m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           26Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               20m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             50m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         132m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   60m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           26Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               20m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             50m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         132m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   60m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           26Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               20m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             50m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         132m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   60m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           26Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               20m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             50m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         132m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   60m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           26Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               20m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             50m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         132m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   60m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           26Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               20m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             50m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         132m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   60m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           26Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               20m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             50m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         132m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   60m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           26Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               20m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             50m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         132m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   60m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           26Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               20m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             50m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         132m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   60m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           26Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               20m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             50m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         132m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   60m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           26Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               20m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             50m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         132m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   60m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           26Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               20m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             50m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         132m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   60m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           26Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               20m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             50m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         132m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   60m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           26Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               20m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             50m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         132m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   60m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           26Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               20m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             50m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         132m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   60m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           26Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               20m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             50m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         132m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   60m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           26Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               20m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             50m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         132m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   60m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           26Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               20m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             50m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         132m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   60m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           26Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               20m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             50m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         132m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   60m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           26Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               20m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             50m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         132m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   60m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           26Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               20m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             50m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         132m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   60m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           26Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               20m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             50m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         132m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   60m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           26Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               20m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             50m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         132m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   60m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           26Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               20m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             50m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         132m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   60m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           26Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               20m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             50m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         132m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   60m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           26Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               20m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             50m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         132m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   60m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           26Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               20m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             50m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         132m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   60m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           26Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               20m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             50m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         132m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   60m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           26Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               20m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             50m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         132m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   60m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           26Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               20m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             50m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         132m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   60m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           26Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               20m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             50m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         132m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   60m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           26Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               20m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             50m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         132m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   60m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           26Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               20m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             50m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         132m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   60m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           26Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               20m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             50m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         132m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   60m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           26Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               20m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             50m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         132m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   60m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           26Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               20m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             50m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         132m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   60m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           26Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               20m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             50m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         132m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   60m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           26Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               20m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             50m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         132m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   60m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           26Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               20m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             50m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         132m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   60m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           26Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               20m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             50m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         132m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   60m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           26Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               20m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             50m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         132m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   60m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           26Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               20m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             50m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         132m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   60m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           26Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               20m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             50m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         132m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   60m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           26Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               20m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             50m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         132m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   60m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           26Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               20m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             50m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         132m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   60m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           26Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               20m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             50m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         132m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   60m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           26Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             57m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         123m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                180m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    58m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   57m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              10m          26Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             57m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         123m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                180m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    58m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   57m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              10m          26Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             57m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         123m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                180m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    58m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   57m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              10m          26Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             57m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         123m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                180m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    58m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   57m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              10m          26Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             57m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         123m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                180m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    58m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   57m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              10m          26Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             57m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         123m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                180m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    58m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   57m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              10m          26Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           9Mi             
