NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           123Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           10Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           123Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           10Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           123Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           10Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           123Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           10Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           123Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           10Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           123Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           10Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           123Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           10Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           123Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           10Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           123Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           10Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           123Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           10Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           123Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           10Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           123Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           10Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           123Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           10Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           123Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           10Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           123Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           10Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           123Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           10Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           123Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           10Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           123Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           10Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           123Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           10Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           123Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           10Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           123Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           10Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           123Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           10Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           123Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           10Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           123Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           10Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           123Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           10Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           123Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           10Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           123Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           10Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           123Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           10Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           123Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           10Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           123Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           10Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           123Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           10Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           123Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           10Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           123Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           10Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           123Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           10Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           123Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           10Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           123Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           10Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           123Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           10Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           123Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           10Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           123Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           10Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                14m          124Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              43m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         89m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                131m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   41m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   41m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           11Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                14m          124Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              43m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         89m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                131m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   41m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   41m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           11Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                14m          124Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              43m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         89m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                131m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   41m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   41m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           11Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                14m          124Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              43m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         89m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                131m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   41m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   41m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           11Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                14m          124Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              43m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         89m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                131m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   41m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   41m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           11Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                14m          124Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              43m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         89m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                131m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   41m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   41m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           11Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                14m          124Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              43m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         89m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                131m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   41m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   41m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           11Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                14m          124Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              43m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         89m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                131m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   41m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   41m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           11Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                14m          124Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              43m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         89m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                131m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   41m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   41m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           11Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                14m          124Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              43m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         89m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                131m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   41m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   41m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           11Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                14m          124Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              43m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         89m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                131m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   41m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   41m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           11Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                14m          124Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              43m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         89m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                131m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   41m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   41m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           11Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                14m          124Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              43m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         89m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                131m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   41m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   41m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           11Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                14m          124Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              43m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         89m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                131m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   41m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   41m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           11Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                14m          124Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              43m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         89m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                131m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   41m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   41m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           11Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                14m          124Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              43m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         89m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                131m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   41m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   41m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           11Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                14m          124Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              43m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         89m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                131m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   41m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   41m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           11Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                14m          124Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              43m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         89m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                131m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   41m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   41m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           11Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                14m          124Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              43m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         89m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                131m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   41m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   41m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           11Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                14m          124Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              43m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         89m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                131m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   41m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   41m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           11Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                14m          124Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              43m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         89m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                131m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   41m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   41m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           11Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                14m          124Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              43m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         89m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                131m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   41m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   41m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           11Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                14m          124Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              43m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         89m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                131m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   41m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   41m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           11Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                14m          124Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              43m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         89m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                131m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   41m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   41m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           11Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                14m          124Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              43m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         89m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                131m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   41m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   41m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           11Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                14m          124Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              43m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         89m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                131m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   41m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   41m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           11Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                14m          124Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              43m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         89m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                131m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   41m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   41m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           11Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                14m          124Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              43m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         89m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                131m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   41m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   41m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           11Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                14m          124Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              43m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         89m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                131m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   41m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   41m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           11Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                14m          124Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              43m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         89m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                131m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   41m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   41m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           11Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                14m          124Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              43m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         89m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                131m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   41m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   41m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           11Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                14m          124Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              43m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         89m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                131m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   41m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   41m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           11Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                14m          124Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              43m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         89m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                131m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   41m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   41m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           11Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                14m          124Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              43m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         89m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                131m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   41m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   41m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           11Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                14m          124Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              43m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         89m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                131m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   41m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   41m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           11Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                14m          124Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              43m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         89m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                131m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   41m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   41m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           11Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                14m          124Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              43m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         89m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                131m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   41m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   41m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           11Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                14m          124Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              43m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         89m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                131m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   41m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   41m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           11Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                14m          124Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              43m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         89m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                131m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   41m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   41m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           11Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                14m          124Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              43m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         89m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                131m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   41m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   41m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           11Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                14m          124Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              43m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         89m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                131m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   41m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   41m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           11Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                14m          124Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              43m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         89m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                131m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   41m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   41m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           11Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                14m          124Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              43m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         89m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                131m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   41m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   41m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           11Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                14m          124Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              43m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         89m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                131m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   41m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   41m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           11Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                14m          124Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              43m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         89m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                131m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   41m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   41m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           11Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                14m          124Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              43m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         89m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                131m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   41m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   41m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           11Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                14m          124Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              43m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         89m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                131m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   41m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   41m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           11Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                14m          124Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              43m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         89m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                131m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   41m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   41m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           11Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                14m          124Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              43m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         89m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                131m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   41m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   41m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           11Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                14m          124Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              43m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         89m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                131m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   41m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   41m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           11Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                14m          124Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              43m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         89m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                131m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   41m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   41m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           11Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                14m          124Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              43m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         89m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                131m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   41m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   41m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           11Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                14m          124Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              43m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         89m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                131m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   41m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   41m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           11Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                14m          124Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              43m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         89m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                131m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   41m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   41m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           11Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                14m          124Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              43m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         89m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                131m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   41m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   41m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           11Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                14m          124Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              43m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         89m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                131m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   41m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   41m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           11Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                14m          124Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              43m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         89m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                131m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   41m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   41m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           11Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          124Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              57m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         128m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                189m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   59m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   60m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              7m           11Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          124Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              57m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         128m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                189m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   59m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   60m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              7m           11Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          124Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              57m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         128m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                189m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   59m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   60m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              7m           11Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          124Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              57m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         128m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                189m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   59m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   60m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              7m           11Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          124Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              57m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         128m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                189m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   59m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   60m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              7m           11Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          124Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              57m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         128m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                189m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   59m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   60m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              7m           11Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          124Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              57m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         128m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                189m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   59m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   60m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              7m           11Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          124Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              57m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         128m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                189m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   59m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   60m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              7m           11Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          124Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              57m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         128m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                189m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   59m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   60m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              7m           11Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          124Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              57m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         128m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                189m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   59m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   60m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              7m           11Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          124Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              57m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         128m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                189m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   59m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   60m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              7m           11Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          124Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              57m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         128m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                189m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   59m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   60m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              7m           11Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          124Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              57m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         128m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                189m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   59m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   60m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              7m           11Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          124Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              57m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         128m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                189m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   59m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   60m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              7m           11Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          124Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              57m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         128m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                189m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   59m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   60m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              7m           11Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          124Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              57m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         128m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                189m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   59m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   60m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              7m           11Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          124Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              57m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         128m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                189m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   59m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   60m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              7m           11Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          124Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              57m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         128m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                189m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   59m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   60m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              7m           11Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          124Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              57m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         128m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                189m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   59m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   60m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              7m           11Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          124Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              57m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         128m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                189m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   59m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   60m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              7m           11Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          124Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              57m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         128m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                189m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   59m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   60m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              7m           11Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          124Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              57m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         128m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                189m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   59m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   60m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              7m           11Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          124Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              57m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         128m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                189m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   59m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   60m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              7m           11Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          124Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              57m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         128m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                189m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   59m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   60m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              7m           11Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          124Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              57m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         128m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                189m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   59m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   60m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              7m           11Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          124Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              57m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         128m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                189m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   59m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   60m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              7m           11Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          124Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              57m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         128m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                189m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   59m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   60m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              7m           11Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          124Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              57m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         128m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                189m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   59m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   60m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              7m           11Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          124Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              57m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         128m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                189m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   59m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   60m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              7m           11Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          124Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              57m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         128m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                189m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   59m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   60m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              7m           11Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          124Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              57m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         128m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                189m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   59m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   60m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              7m           11Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          124Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              57m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         128m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                189m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   59m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   60m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              7m           11Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          124Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              57m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         128m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                189m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   59m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   60m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              7m           11Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          124Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              57m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         128m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                189m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   59m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   60m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              7m           11Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          124Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              57m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         128m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                189m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   59m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   60m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              7m           11Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          124Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              57m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         128m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                189m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   59m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   60m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              7m           11Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          124Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              57m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         128m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                189m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   59m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   60m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              7m           11Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          124Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              57m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         128m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                189m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   59m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   60m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              7m           11Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          124Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              57m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         128m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                189m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   59m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   60m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              7m           11Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          124Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              57m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         128m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                189m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   59m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   60m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              7m           11Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          124Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              57m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         128m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                189m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   59m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   60m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              7m           11Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          124Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              57m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         128m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                189m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   59m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   60m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              7m           11Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          124Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              57m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         128m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                189m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   59m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   60m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              7m           11Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          124Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              57m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         128m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                189m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   59m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   60m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              7m           11Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          124Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              57m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         128m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                189m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   59m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   60m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              7m           11Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          124Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              57m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         128m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                189m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   59m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   60m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              7m           11Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          124Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              57m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         128m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                189m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   59m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   60m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              7m           11Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          124Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              57m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         128m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                189m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   59m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   60m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              7m           11Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          124Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              57m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         128m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                189m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   59m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   60m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              7m           11Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          124Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              57m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         128m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                189m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   59m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   60m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              7m           11Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          124Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              57m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         128m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                189m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   59m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   60m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              7m           11Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          124Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              57m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         128m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                189m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   59m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   60m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              7m           11Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          124Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              57m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         128m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                189m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   59m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   60m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              7m           11Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          124Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              57m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         128m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                189m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   59m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   60m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              7m           11Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          124Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              57m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         128m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                189m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   59m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   60m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              7m           11Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          124Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              57m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         128m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                189m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   59m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   60m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              7m           11Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          124Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              57m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         128m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                189m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   59m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   60m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              7m           11Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          124Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              45m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         121m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                183m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   58m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   58m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           11Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          124Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              45m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         121m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                183m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   58m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   58m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           11Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          124Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              45m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         121m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                183m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   58m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   58m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           11Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          124Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              45m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         121m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                183m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   58m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   58m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           11Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          124Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              45m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         121m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                183m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   58m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   58m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           11Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          124Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              45m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         121m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                183m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   58m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   58m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           11Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          124Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              45m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         121m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                183m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   58m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   58m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           11Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          124Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              45m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         121m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                183m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   58m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   58m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           11Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          124Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              45m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         121m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                183m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   58m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   58m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           11Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          124Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              45m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         121m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                183m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   58m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   58m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           11Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          124Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              45m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         121m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                183m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   58m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   58m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           11Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          124Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              45m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         121m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                183m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   58m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   58m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           11Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          124Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              45m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         121m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                183m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   58m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   58m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           11Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          124Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              45m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         121m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                183m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   58m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   58m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           11Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          124Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              45m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         121m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                183m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   58m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   58m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           11Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          124Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              45m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         121m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                183m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   58m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   58m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           11Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          124Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              45m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         121m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                183m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   58m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   58m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           11Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          124Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              45m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         121m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                183m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   58m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   58m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           11Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          124Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              45m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         121m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                183m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   58m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   58m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           11Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          124Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              45m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         121m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                183m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   58m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   58m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           11Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          124Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              45m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         121m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                183m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   58m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   58m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           11Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          124Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              45m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         121m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                183m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   58m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   58m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           11Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          124Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              45m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         121m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                183m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   58m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   58m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           11Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          124Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              45m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         121m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                183m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   58m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   58m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           11Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          124Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              45m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         121m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                183m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   58m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   58m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           11Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          124Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              45m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         121m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                183m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   58m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   58m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           11Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                19m          124Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              45m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         121m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                183m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   58m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   58m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           11Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           8Mi             
