NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           24Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           24Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           24Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           24Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           24Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           24Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           24Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           24Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           24Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           24Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           24Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           24Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           24Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           24Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           24Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           24Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           24Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           24Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           24Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           24Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           24Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           24Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           24Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           24Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           24Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           24Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           24Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           24Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           24Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           24Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           24Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           24Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           24Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           24Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           24Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              11m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             34m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        72m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                109m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   38m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   34m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           24Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        5m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              11m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             34m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        72m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                109m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   38m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   34m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           24Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        5m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              11m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             34m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        72m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                109m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   38m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   34m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           24Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        5m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              11m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             34m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        72m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                109m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   38m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   34m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           24Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        5m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              11m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             34m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        72m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                109m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   38m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   34m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           24Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        5m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              11m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             34m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        72m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                109m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   38m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   34m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           24Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        5m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              11m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             34m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        72m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                109m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   38m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   34m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           24Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        5m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              11m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             34m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        72m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                109m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   38m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   34m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           24Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        5m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              11m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             34m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        72m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                109m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   38m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   34m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           24Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        5m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              11m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             34m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        72m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                109m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   38m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   34m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           24Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        5m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              11m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             34m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        72m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                109m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   38m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   34m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           24Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        5m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              11m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             34m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        72m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                109m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   38m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   34m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           24Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        5m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              11m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             34m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        72m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                109m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   38m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   34m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           24Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        5m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              11m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             34m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        72m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                109m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   38m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   34m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           24Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        5m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              11m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             34m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        72m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                109m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   38m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   34m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           24Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        5m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              11m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             34m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        72m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                109m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   38m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   34m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           24Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        5m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              11m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             34m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        72m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                109m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   38m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   34m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           24Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        5m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              11m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             34m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        72m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                109m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   38m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   34m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           24Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        5m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              11m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             34m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        72m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                109m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   38m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   34m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           24Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        5m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              11m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             34m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        72m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                109m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   38m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   34m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           24Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        5m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              11m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             34m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        72m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                109m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   38m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   34m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           24Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        5m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              11m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             34m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        72m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                109m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   38m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   34m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           24Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        5m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              11m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             34m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        72m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                109m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   38m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   34m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           24Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        5m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              11m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             34m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        72m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                109m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   38m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   34m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           24Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        5m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              11m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             34m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        72m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                109m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   38m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   34m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           24Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        5m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              11m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             34m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        72m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                109m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   38m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   34m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           24Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        5m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              11m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             34m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        72m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                109m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   38m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   34m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           24Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        5m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              11m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             34m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        72m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                109m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   38m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   34m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           24Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        5m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              11m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             34m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        72m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                109m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   38m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   34m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           24Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        5m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              11m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             34m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        72m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                109m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   38m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   34m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           24Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        5m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              11m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             34m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        72m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                109m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   38m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   34m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           24Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        5m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              11m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             34m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        72m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                109m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   38m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   34m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           24Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        5m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              11m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             34m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        72m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                109m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   38m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   34m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           24Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        5m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              11m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             34m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        72m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                109m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   38m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   34m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           24Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        5m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              11m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             34m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        72m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                109m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   38m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   34m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           24Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        5m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              11m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             34m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        72m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                109m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   38m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   34m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           24Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        5m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              11m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             34m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        72m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                109m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   38m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   34m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           24Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        5m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              11m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             34m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        72m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                109m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   38m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   34m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           24Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        5m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              11m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             34m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        72m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                109m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   38m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   34m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           24Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        5m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              11m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             34m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        72m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                109m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   38m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   34m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           24Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        5m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              11m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             34m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        72m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                109m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   38m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   34m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           24Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        5m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              11m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             34m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        72m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                109m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   38m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   34m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           24Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        5m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              11m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             34m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        72m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                109m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   38m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   34m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           24Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        5m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              11m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             34m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        72m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                109m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   38m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   34m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           24Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        5m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              11m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             34m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        72m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                109m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   38m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   34m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           24Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        5m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              11m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             34m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        72m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                109m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   38m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   34m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           24Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        5m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              11m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             34m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        72m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                109m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   38m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   34m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           24Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        5m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              11m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             34m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        72m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                109m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   38m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   34m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           24Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        5m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              11m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             34m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        72m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                109m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   38m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   34m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           24Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        5m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              11m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             34m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        72m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                109m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   38m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   34m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           24Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        5m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              11m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             34m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        72m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                109m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   38m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   34m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           24Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        5m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              11m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             34m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        72m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                109m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   38m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   34m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           24Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        5m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              11m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             34m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        72m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                109m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   38m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   34m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           24Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        5m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              11m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             34m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        72m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                109m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   38m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   34m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           24Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        5m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              11m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             34m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        72m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                109m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   38m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   34m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           24Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        5m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              11m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             34m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        72m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                109m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   38m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   34m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           24Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        5m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             52m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                189m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   69m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           24Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             52m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                189m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   69m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           24Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             52m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                189m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   69m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           24Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             52m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                189m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   69m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           24Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             52m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                189m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   69m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           24Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             52m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                189m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   69m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           24Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             52m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                189m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   69m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           24Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             52m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                189m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   69m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           24Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             52m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                189m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   69m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           24Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             52m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                189m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   69m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           24Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             52m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                189m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   69m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           24Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             52m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                189m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   69m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           24Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             52m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                189m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   69m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           24Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             52m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                189m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   69m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           24Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             52m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                189m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   69m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           24Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             52m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                189m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   69m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           24Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             52m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                189m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   69m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           24Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             52m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                189m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   69m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           24Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             52m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                189m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   69m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           24Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             52m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                189m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   69m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           24Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             52m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                189m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   69m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           24Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             52m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                189m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   69m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           24Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             52m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                189m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   69m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           24Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             52m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                189m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   69m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           24Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             52m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                189m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   69m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           24Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             52m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                189m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   69m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           24Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             52m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                189m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   69m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           24Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             52m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                189m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   69m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           24Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             52m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                189m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   69m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           24Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             52m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                189m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   69m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           24Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             52m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                189m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   69m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           24Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             52m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                189m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   69m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           24Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             52m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                189m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   69m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           24Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             52m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                189m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   69m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           24Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             52m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                189m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   69m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           24Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             52m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                189m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   69m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           24Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             52m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                189m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   69m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           24Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             52m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                189m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   69m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           24Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             52m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                189m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   69m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           24Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             52m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                189m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   69m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           24Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             52m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                189m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   69m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           24Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             52m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                189m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   69m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           24Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             52m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                189m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   69m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           24Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             52m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                189m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   69m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           24Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             52m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                189m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   69m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           24Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             52m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                189m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   69m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           24Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             52m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                189m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   69m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           24Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             52m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                189m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   69m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           24Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             52m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                189m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   69m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           24Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             52m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                189m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   69m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           24Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             52m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                189m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   69m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           24Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             52m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                189m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   69m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           24Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             52m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                189m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   69m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           24Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             52m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                189m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   69m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           24Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             52m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                189m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   69m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           24Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             52m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                189m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   69m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           24Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             52m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                189m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   69m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           24Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             51m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        125m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                186m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   68m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             10m          24Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             51m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        125m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                186m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   68m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             10m          24Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             51m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        125m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                186m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   68m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             10m          24Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             51m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        125m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                186m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   68m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             10m          24Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             51m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        125m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                186m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   68m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             10m          24Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             51m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        125m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                186m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   68m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             10m          24Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             51m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        125m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                186m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   68m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             10m          24Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             51m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        125m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                186m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   68m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             10m          24Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             51m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        125m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                186m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   68m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             10m          24Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             51m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        125m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                186m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   68m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             10m          24Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             51m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        125m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                186m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   68m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             10m          24Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             51m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        125m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                186m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   68m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             10m          24Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             51m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        125m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                186m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   68m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             10m          24Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             51m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        125m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                186m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   68m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             10m          24Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             51m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        125m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                186m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   68m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             10m          24Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             51m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        125m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                186m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   68m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             10m          24Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             51m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        125m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                186m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   68m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             10m          24Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             51m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        125m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                186m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   68m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             10m          24Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             51m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        125m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                186m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   68m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             10m          24Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             51m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        125m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                186m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   68m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             10m          24Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             51m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        125m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                186m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   68m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             10m          24Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             51m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        125m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                186m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   68m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             10m          24Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             51m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        125m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                186m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   68m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             10m          24Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             51m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        125m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                186m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   68m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             10m          24Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             51m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        125m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                186m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   68m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             10m          24Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             51m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        125m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                186m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   68m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             10m          24Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             51m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        125m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                186m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   68m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             10m          24Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             51m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        125m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                186m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   68m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             10m          24Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             51m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        125m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                186m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   68m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             10m          24Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             51m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        125m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                186m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   68m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             10m          24Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             51m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        125m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                186m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   68m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             10m          24Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             51m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        125m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                186m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   68m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             10m          24Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
