NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           31Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           31Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           31Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           31Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           31Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           31Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           31Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           31Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           31Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           31Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           31Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           31Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           31Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           31Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           31Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           31Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           31Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           31Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           31Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           31Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           31Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           31Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           31Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           31Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           31Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           31Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           31Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           31Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           31Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           31Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           31Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           31Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              10m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             41m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        69m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                102m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   38m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   35m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           31Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        5m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              10m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             41m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        69m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                102m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   38m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   35m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           31Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        5m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              10m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             41m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        69m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                102m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   38m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   35m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           31Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        5m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              10m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             41m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        69m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                102m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   38m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   35m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           31Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        5m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              10m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             41m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        69m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                102m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   38m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   35m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           31Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        5m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              10m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             41m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        69m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                102m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   38m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   35m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           31Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        5m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              10m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             41m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        69m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                102m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   38m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   35m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           31Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        5m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              10m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             41m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        69m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                102m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   38m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   35m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           31Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        5m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              10m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             41m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        69m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                102m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   38m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   35m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           31Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        5m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              10m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             41m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        69m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                102m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   38m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   35m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           31Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        5m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              10m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             41m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        69m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                102m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   38m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   35m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           31Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        5m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              10m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             41m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        69m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                102m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   38m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   35m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           31Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        5m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              10m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             41m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        69m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                102m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   38m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   35m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           31Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        5m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              10m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             41m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        69m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                102m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   38m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   35m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           31Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        5m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              10m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             41m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        69m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                102m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   38m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   35m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           31Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        5m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              10m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             41m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        69m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                102m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   38m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   35m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           31Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        5m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              10m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             41m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        69m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                102m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   38m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   35m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           31Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        5m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              10m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             41m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        69m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                102m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   38m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   35m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           31Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        5m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              10m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             41m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        69m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                102m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   38m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   35m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           31Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        5m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              10m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             41m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        69m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                102m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   38m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   35m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           31Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        5m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              10m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             41m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        69m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                102m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   38m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   35m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           31Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        5m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              10m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             41m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        69m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                102m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   38m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   35m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           31Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        5m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              10m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             41m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        69m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                102m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   38m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   35m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           31Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        5m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              10m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             41m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        69m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                102m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   38m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   35m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           31Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        5m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              10m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             41m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        69m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                102m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   38m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   35m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           31Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        5m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              10m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             41m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        69m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                102m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   38m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   35m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           31Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        5m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              10m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             41m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        69m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                102m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   38m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   35m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           31Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        5m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              10m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             41m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        69m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                102m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   38m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   35m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           31Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        5m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              10m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             41m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        69m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                102m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   38m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   35m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           31Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        5m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              10m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             41m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        69m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                102m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   38m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   35m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           31Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        5m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              10m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             41m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        69m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                102m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   38m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   35m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           31Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        5m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              10m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             41m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        69m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                102m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   38m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   35m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           31Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        5m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              10m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             41m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        69m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                102m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   38m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   35m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           31Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        5m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              10m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             41m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        69m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                102m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   38m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   35m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           31Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        5m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              10m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             41m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        69m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                102m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   38m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   35m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           31Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        5m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              10m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             41m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        69m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                102m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   38m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   35m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           31Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        5m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              10m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             41m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        69m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                102m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   38m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   35m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           31Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        5m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              10m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             41m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        69m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                102m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   38m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   35m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           31Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        5m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              10m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             41m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        69m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                102m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   38m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   35m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           31Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        5m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              10m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             41m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        69m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                102m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   38m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   35m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           31Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        5m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              10m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             41m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        69m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                102m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   38m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   35m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           31Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        5m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              10m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             41m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        69m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                102m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   38m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   35m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           31Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        5m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              10m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             41m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        69m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                102m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   38m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   35m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           31Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        5m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              10m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             41m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        69m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                102m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   38m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   35m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           31Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        5m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              10m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             41m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        69m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                102m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   38m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   35m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           31Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        5m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              10m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             41m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        69m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                102m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   38m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   35m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           31Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        5m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              10m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             41m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        69m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                102m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   38m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   35m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           31Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        5m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              10m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             41m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        69m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                102m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   38m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   35m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           31Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        5m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              10m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             41m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        69m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                102m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   38m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   35m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           31Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        5m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              10m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             41m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        69m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                102m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   38m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   35m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           31Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        5m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              10m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             41m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        69m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                102m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   38m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   35m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           31Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        5m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              10m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             41m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        69m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                102m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   38m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   35m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           31Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        5m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              10m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             41m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        69m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                102m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   38m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   35m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           31Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        5m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              10m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             41m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        69m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                102m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   38m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   35m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           31Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        5m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              10m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             41m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        69m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                102m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   38m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   35m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           31Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        5m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              10m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             41m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        69m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                102m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   38m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   35m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           31Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        5m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              10m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             41m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        69m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                102m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   38m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   35m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           31Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        5m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             73m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   72m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   66m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           32Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             73m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   72m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   66m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           32Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             73m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   72m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   66m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           32Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             73m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   72m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   66m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           32Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             73m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   72m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   66m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           32Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             73m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   72m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   66m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           32Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             73m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   72m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   66m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           32Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             73m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   72m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   66m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           32Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             73m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   72m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   66m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           32Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             73m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   72m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   66m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           32Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             73m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   72m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   66m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           32Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             73m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   72m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   66m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           32Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             73m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   72m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   66m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           32Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             73m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   72m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   66m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           32Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             73m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   72m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   66m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           32Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             73m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   72m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   66m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           32Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             73m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   72m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   66m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           32Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             73m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   72m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   66m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           32Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             73m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   72m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   66m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           32Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             73m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   72m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   66m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           32Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             73m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   72m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   66m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           32Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             73m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   72m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   66m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           32Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             73m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   72m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   66m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           32Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             73m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   72m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   66m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           32Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             73m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   72m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   66m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           32Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             73m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   72m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   66m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           32Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             73m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   72m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   66m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           32Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             73m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   72m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   66m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           32Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             73m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   72m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   66m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           32Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             73m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   72m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   66m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           32Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             73m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   72m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   66m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           32Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             73m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   72m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   66m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           32Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             73m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   72m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   66m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           32Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             73m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   72m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   66m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           32Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             73m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   72m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   66m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           32Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             73m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   72m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   66m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           32Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             73m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   72m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   66m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           32Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             73m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   72m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   66m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           32Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             73m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   72m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   66m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           32Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             73m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   72m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   66m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           32Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             73m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   72m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   66m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           32Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             73m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   72m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   66m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           32Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             73m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   72m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   66m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           32Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             73m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   72m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   66m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           32Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             73m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   72m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   66m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           32Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             73m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   72m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   66m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           32Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             73m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   72m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   66m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           32Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             73m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   72m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   66m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           32Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             73m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   72m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   66m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           32Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             73m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   72m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   66m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           32Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             73m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   72m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   66m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           32Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             73m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   72m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   66m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           32Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             73m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   72m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   66m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           32Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             73m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   72m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   66m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           32Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             73m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   72m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   66m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           32Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             73m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   72m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   66m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           32Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             73m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   72m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   66m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           32Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             67m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                192m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   65m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             12m          32Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             67m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                192m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   65m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             12m          32Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             67m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                192m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   65m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             12m          32Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             67m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                192m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   65m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             12m          32Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             67m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                192m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   65m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             12m          32Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             67m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                192m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   65m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             12m          32Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             67m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                192m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   65m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             12m          32Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             67m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                192m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   65m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             12m          32Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             67m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                192m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   65m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             12m          32Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             67m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                192m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   65m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             12m          32Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             67m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                192m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   65m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             12m          32Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             67m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                192m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   65m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             12m          32Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             67m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                192m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   65m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             12m          32Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             67m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                192m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   65m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             12m          32Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             67m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                192m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   65m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             12m          32Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             67m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                192m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   65m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             12m          32Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             67m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                192m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   65m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             12m          32Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             67m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                192m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   65m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             12m          32Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             67m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                192m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   65m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             12m          32Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             67m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                192m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   65m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             12m          32Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             67m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                192m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   65m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             12m          32Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             67m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                192m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   65m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             12m          32Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             67m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                192m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   65m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             12m          32Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             67m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                192m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   65m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             12m          32Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             67m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                192m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   65m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             12m          32Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             67m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                192m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   65m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             12m          32Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             67m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                192m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   65m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             12m          32Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             67m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                192m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   65m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             12m          32Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             67m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                192m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   65m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             12m          32Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             67m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                192m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   65m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             12m          32Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             67m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                192m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   65m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             12m          32Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             67m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                192m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   65m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             12m          32Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             67m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                192m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   65m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             12m          32Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             67m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                192m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   65m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             12m          32Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           9Mi             
