NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           121Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           7Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           121Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           7Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           121Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           7Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           121Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           7Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           121Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           7Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           121Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           7Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           121Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           7Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           121Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           7Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           121Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           7Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           121Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           7Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           121Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           7Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           121Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           7Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           121Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           7Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           121Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           7Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           121Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           7Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           121Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           7Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           121Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           7Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           121Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           7Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           121Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           7Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               7m           122Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             26m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         42m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                63m          18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    23m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   22m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           7Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               7m           122Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             26m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         42m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                63m          18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    23m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   22m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           7Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               7m           122Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             26m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         42m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                63m          18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    23m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   22m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           7Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               7m           122Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             26m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         42m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                63m          18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    23m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   22m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           7Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               7m           122Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             26m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         42m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                63m          18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    23m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   22m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           7Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               7m           122Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             26m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         42m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                63m          18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    23m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   22m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           7Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               7m           122Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             26m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         42m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                63m          18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    23m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   22m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           7Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               7m           122Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             26m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         42m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                63m          18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    23m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   22m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           7Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               7m           122Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             26m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         42m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                63m          18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    23m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   22m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           7Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               7m           122Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             26m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         42m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                63m          18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    23m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   22m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           7Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               7m           122Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             26m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         42m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                63m          18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    23m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   22m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           7Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               7m           122Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             26m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         42m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                63m          18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    23m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   22m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           7Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               7m           122Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             26m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         42m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                63m          18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    23m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   22m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           7Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               7m           122Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             26m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         42m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                63m          18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    23m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   22m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           7Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               7m           122Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             26m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         42m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                63m          18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    23m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   22m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           7Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               7m           122Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             26m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         42m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                63m          18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    23m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   22m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           7Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               7m           122Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             26m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         42m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                63m          18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    23m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   22m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           7Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               7m           122Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             26m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         42m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                63m          18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    23m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   22m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           7Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               7m           122Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             26m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         42m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                63m          18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    23m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   22m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           7Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               7m           122Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             26m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         42m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                63m          18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    23m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   22m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           7Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               7m           122Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             26m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         42m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                63m          18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    23m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   22m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           7Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               7m           122Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             26m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         42m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                63m          18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    23m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   22m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           7Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               7m           122Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             26m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         42m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                63m          18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    23m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   22m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           7Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               7m           122Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             26m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         42m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                63m          18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    23m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   22m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           7Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               7m           122Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             26m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         42m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                63m          18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    23m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   22m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           7Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               7m           122Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             26m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         42m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                63m          18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    23m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   22m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           7Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               7m           122Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             26m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         42m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                63m          18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    23m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   22m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           7Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               7m           122Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             26m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         42m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                63m          18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    23m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   22m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           7Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               7m           122Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             26m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         42m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                63m          18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    23m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   22m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           7Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               7m           122Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             26m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         42m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                63m          18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    23m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   22m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           7Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               7m           122Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             26m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         42m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                63m          18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    23m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   22m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           7Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               7m           122Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             26m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         42m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                63m          18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    23m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   22m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           7Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               7m           122Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             26m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         42m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                63m          18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    23m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   22m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           7Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               7m           122Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             26m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         42m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                63m          18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    23m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   22m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           7Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               7m           122Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             26m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         42m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                63m          18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    23m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   22m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           7Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               7m           122Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             26m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         42m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                63m          18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    23m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   22m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           7Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               7m           122Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             26m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         42m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                63m          18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    23m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   22m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           7Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               7m           122Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             26m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         42m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                63m          18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    23m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   22m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           7Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               7m           122Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             26m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         42m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                63m          18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    23m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   22m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           7Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               7m           122Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             26m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         42m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                63m          18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    23m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   22m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           7Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               7m           122Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             26m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         42m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                63m          18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    23m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   22m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           7Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               7m           122Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             26m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         42m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                63m          18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    23m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   22m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           7Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               7m           122Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             26m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         42m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                63m          18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    23m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   22m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           7Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               7m           122Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             26m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         42m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                63m          18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    23m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   22m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           7Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               7m           122Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             26m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         42m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                63m          18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    23m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   22m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           7Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               7m           122Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             26m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         42m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                63m          18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    23m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   22m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           7Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               7m           122Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             26m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         42m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                63m          18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    23m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   22m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           7Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               7m           122Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             26m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         42m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                63m          18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    23m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   22m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           7Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               7m           122Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             26m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         42m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                63m          18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    23m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   22m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           7Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               7m           122Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             26m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         42m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                63m          18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    23m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   22m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           7Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               7m           122Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             26m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         42m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                63m          18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    23m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   22m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           7Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               7m           122Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             26m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         42m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                63m          18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    23m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   22m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           7Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               7m           122Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             26m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         42m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                63m          18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    23m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   22m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           7Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               7m           122Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             26m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         42m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                63m          18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    23m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   22m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           7Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               7m           122Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             26m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         42m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                63m          18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    23m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   22m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           7Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               7m           122Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             26m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         42m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                63m          18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    23m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   22m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           7Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               7m           122Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             26m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         42m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                63m          18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    23m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   22m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           7Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          122Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             72m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         124m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   64m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          122Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             72m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         124m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   64m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          122Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             72m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         124m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   64m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          122Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             72m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         124m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   64m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          122Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             72m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         124m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   64m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          122Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             72m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         124m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   64m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          122Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             72m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         124m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   64m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          122Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             72m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         124m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   64m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          122Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             72m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         124m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   64m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          122Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             72m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         124m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   64m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          122Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             72m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         124m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   64m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          122Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             72m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         124m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   64m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          122Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             72m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         124m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   64m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          122Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             72m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         124m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   64m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          122Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             72m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         124m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   64m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          122Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             72m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         124m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   64m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          122Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             72m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         124m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   64m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          122Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             72m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         124m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   64m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          122Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             72m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         124m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   64m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          122Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             72m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         124m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   64m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          122Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             72m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         124m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   64m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          122Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             72m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         124m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   64m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          122Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             72m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         124m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   64m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          122Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             72m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         124m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   64m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          122Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             72m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         124m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   64m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          122Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             72m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         124m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   64m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          122Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             72m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         124m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   64m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          122Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             72m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         124m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   64m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          122Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             72m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         124m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   64m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          122Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             72m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         124m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   64m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          122Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             72m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         124m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   64m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          122Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             72m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         124m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   64m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          122Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             72m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         124m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   64m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          122Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             72m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         124m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   64m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          122Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             72m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         124m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   64m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          122Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             72m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         124m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   64m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          122Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             72m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         124m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   64m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          122Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             72m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         124m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   64m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          122Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             72m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         124m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   64m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          122Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             72m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         124m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   64m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          122Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             72m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         124m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   64m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          122Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             72m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         124m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   64m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          122Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             72m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         124m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   64m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          122Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             72m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         124m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   64m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          122Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             72m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         124m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   64m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          122Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             72m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         124m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   64m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          122Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             72m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         124m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   64m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          122Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             72m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         124m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   64m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          122Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             72m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         124m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   64m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          122Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             72m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         124m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   64m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          122Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             72m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         124m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   64m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          122Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             72m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         124m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   64m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          122Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             72m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         124m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   64m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          122Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             72m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         124m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   64m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          122Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             72m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         124m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   64m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          122Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             72m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         124m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   64m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          122Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             72m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         124m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   64m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          122Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             87m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                194m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   65m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           7Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          122Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             87m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                194m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   65m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           7Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          122Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             87m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                194m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   65m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           7Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          122Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             87m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                194m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   65m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           7Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          122Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             87m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                194m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   65m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           7Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          122Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             87m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                194m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   65m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           7Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          122Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             87m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                194m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   65m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           7Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          122Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             87m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                194m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   65m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           7Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          122Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             87m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                194m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   65m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           7Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          122Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             87m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                194m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   65m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           7Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          122Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             87m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                194m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   65m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           7Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          122Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             87m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                194m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   65m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           7Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          122Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             87m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                194m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   65m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           7Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          122Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             87m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                194m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   65m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           7Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          122Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             87m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                194m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   65m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           7Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          122Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             87m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                194m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   65m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           7Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          122Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             87m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                194m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   65m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           7Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          122Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             87m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                194m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   65m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           7Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          122Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             87m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                194m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   65m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           7Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          122Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             87m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                194m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   65m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           7Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          122Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             87m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                194m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   65m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           7Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          122Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             87m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                194m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   65m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           7Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          122Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             87m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                194m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   65m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           7Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          122Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             87m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                194m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   65m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           7Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          122Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             87m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                194m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   65m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           7Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          122Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             87m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                194m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   65m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           7Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          122Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             87m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                194m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   65m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           7Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          122Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             87m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                194m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   65m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           7Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          122Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             87m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                194m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   65m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           7Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          122Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             87m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                194m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   65m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           7Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          122Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             87m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                194m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   65m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           7Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          122Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             87m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                194m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   65m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           7Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          122Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             87m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                194m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   65m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           7Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          122Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             87m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                194m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   65m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           7Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          122Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             87m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                194m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   65m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           7Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          122Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             87m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                194m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   65m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           7Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          122Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             87m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                194m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   65m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           7Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          122Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             87m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                194m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   65m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           7Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          122Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             87m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                194m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   65m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           7Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          122Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             87m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                194m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   65m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           7Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          122Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             87m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                194m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   65m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           7Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          122Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             87m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                194m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   65m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           7Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          122Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             87m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                194m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   65m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           7Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          122Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             87m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                194m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   65m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           7Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          122Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             87m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                194m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   65m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           7Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          122Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             87m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                194m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   65m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           7Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          122Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             87m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         130m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                194m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   65m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           7Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
