NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           16Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           16Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           16Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           16Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           16Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           16Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           16Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           16Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           16Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           16Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           16Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           16Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           16Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           16Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           16Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           16Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           16Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           16Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           16Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           16Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           16Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           16Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           16Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           16Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           16Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           16Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           16Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           16Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           16Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           16Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           16Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           16Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           16Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           16Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           16Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           16Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           16Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           16Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           16Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           16Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           16Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           16Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           16Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           16Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           16Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           16Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           16Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           16Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           16Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           16Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              16m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             52m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        107m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                163m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   56m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   52m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           16Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              16m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             52m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        107m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                163m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   56m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   52m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           16Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              16m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             52m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        107m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                163m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   56m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   52m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           16Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              16m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             52m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        107m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                163m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   56m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   52m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           16Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              16m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             52m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        107m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                163m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   56m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   52m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           16Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              16m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             52m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        107m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                163m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   56m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   52m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           16Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              16m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             52m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        107m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                163m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   56m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   52m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           16Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              16m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             52m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        107m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                163m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   56m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   52m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           16Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              16m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             52m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        107m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                163m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   56m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   52m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           16Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              16m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             52m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        107m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                163m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   56m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   52m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           16Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              16m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             52m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        107m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                163m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   56m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   52m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           16Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              16m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             52m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        107m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                163m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   56m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   52m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           16Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              16m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             52m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        107m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                163m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   56m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   52m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           16Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              16m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             52m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        107m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                163m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   56m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   52m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           16Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              16m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             52m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        107m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                163m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   56m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   52m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           16Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              16m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             52m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        107m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                163m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   56m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   52m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           16Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              16m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             52m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        107m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                163m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   56m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   52m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           16Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              16m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             52m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        107m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                163m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   56m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   52m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           16Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              16m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             52m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        107m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                163m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   56m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   52m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           16Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              16m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             52m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        107m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                163m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   56m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   52m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           16Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              16m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             52m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        107m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                163m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   56m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   52m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           16Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              16m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             52m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        107m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                163m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   56m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   52m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           16Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              16m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             52m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        107m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                163m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   56m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   52m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           16Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              16m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             52m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        107m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                163m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   56m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   52m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           16Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              16m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             52m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        107m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                163m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   56m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   52m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           16Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              16m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             52m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        107m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                163m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   56m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   52m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           16Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              16m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             52m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        107m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                163m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   56m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   52m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           16Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              16m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             52m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        107m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                163m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   56m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   52m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           16Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              16m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             52m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        107m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                163m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   56m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   52m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           16Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              16m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             52m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        107m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                163m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   56m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   52m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           16Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              16m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             52m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        107m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                163m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   56m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   52m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           16Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              16m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             52m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        107m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                163m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   56m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   52m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           16Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              16m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             52m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        107m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                163m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   56m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   52m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           16Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              16m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             52m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        107m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                163m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   56m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   52m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           16Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              16m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             52m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        107m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                163m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   56m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   52m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           16Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              16m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             52m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        107m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                163m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   56m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   52m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           16Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              16m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             52m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        107m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                163m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   56m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   52m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           16Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              16m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             52m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        107m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                163m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   56m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   52m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           16Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              16m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             52m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        107m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                163m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   56m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   52m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           16Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              16m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             52m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        107m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                163m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   56m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   52m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           16Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              16m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             52m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        107m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                163m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   56m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   52m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           16Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              16m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             52m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        107m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                163m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   56m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   52m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           16Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              16m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             52m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        107m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                163m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   56m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   52m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           16Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              16m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             52m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        107m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                163m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   56m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   52m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           16Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              16m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             52m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        107m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                163m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   56m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   52m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           16Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              16m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             52m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        107m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                163m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   56m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   52m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           16Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              16m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             52m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        107m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                163m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   56m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   52m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           16Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              16m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             52m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        107m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                163m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   56m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   52m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           16Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              16m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             52m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        107m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                163m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   56m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   52m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           16Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              16m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             52m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        107m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                163m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   56m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   52m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           16Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              16m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             52m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        107m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                163m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   56m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   52m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           16Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              16m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             52m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        107m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                163m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   56m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   52m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           16Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              16m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             52m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        107m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                163m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   56m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   52m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           16Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              16m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             52m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        107m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                163m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   56m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   52m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           16Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              16m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             52m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        107m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                163m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   56m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   52m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           16Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              16m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             52m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        107m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                163m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   56m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   52m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           16Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              16m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             52m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        107m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                163m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   56m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   52m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           16Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             68m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                189m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   67m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             9m           16Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             68m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                189m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   67m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             9m           16Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             68m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                189m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   67m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             9m           16Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             68m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                189m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   67m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             9m           16Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             68m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                189m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   67m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             9m           16Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             68m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                189m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   67m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             9m           16Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             68m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                189m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   67m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             9m           16Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             68m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                189m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   67m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             9m           16Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             68m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                189m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   67m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             9m           16Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             68m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                189m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   67m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             9m           16Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             68m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                189m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   67m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             9m           16Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             68m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                189m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   67m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             9m           16Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             68m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                189m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   67m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             9m           16Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             68m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                189m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   67m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             9m           16Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             68m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                189m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   67m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             9m           16Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             68m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                189m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   67m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             9m           16Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             68m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                189m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   67m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             9m           16Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             68m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                189m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   67m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             9m           16Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             68m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                189m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   67m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             9m           16Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             68m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                189m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   67m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             9m           16Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             68m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                189m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   67m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             9m           16Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             68m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                189m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   67m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             9m           16Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             68m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                189m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   67m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             9m           16Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             68m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                189m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   67m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             9m           16Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             68m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                189m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   67m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             9m           16Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             68m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                189m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   67m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             9m           16Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             68m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                189m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   67m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             9m           16Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             68m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                189m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   67m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             9m           16Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             68m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                189m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   67m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             9m           16Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             68m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                189m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   67m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             9m           16Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             68m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                189m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   67m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             9m           16Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             68m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                189m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   67m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             9m           16Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             68m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                189m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   67m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             9m           16Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             68m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                189m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   67m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             9m           16Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             68m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                189m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   67m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             9m           16Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             68m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                189m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   67m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             9m           16Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             68m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                189m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   67m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             9m           16Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             68m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                189m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   67m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             9m           16Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             68m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                189m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   67m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             9m           16Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             68m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                189m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   67m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             9m           16Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             68m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                189m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   67m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             9m           16Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             68m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                189m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   67m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             9m           16Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             68m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                189m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   67m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             9m           16Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             68m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                189m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   67m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             9m           16Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             68m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                189m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   67m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             9m           16Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             68m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                189m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   67m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             9m           16Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             68m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                189m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   67m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             9m           16Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             68m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                189m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   67m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             9m           16Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             68m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                189m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   67m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             9m           16Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             68m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                189m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   67m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             9m           16Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             68m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                189m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   67m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             9m           16Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             68m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                189m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   67m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             9m           16Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             68m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                189m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   67m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             9m           16Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             68m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                189m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   67m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             9m           16Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             68m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                189m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   67m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             9m           16Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             68m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                189m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   67m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             9m           16Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             77m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   69m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           16Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             77m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   69m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           16Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             77m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   69m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           16Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             77m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   69m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           16Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             77m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   69m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           16Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             77m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   69m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           16Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             77m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   69m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           16Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             77m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   69m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           16Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             77m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   69m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           16Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             77m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   69m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           16Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             77m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   69m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           16Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             77m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   69m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           16Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             77m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   69m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           16Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             77m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   69m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           16Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             77m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   69m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           16Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             77m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   69m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           16Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             77m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   69m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           16Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
