NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           18Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           18Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           18Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           18Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           18Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           18Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           18Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           18Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           18Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           18Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           18Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           18Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           18Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           18Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           18Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           18Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           18Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           18Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           18Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           18Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           18Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           18Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           18Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           18Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           18Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           18Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           18Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           18Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           18Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           18Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           18Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           18Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           18Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           18Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           18Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           18Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           18Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           18Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           18Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           18Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           18Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           18Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           18Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           18Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           18Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           18Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           18Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           18Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              2m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           18Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                15m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              51m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         103m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                157m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   52m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   59m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              8m           18Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          7m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                15m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              51m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         103m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                157m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   52m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   59m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              8m           18Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          7m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                15m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              51m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         103m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                157m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   52m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   59m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              8m           18Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          7m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                15m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              51m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         103m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                157m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   52m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   59m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              8m           18Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          7m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                15m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              51m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         103m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                157m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   52m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   59m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              8m           18Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          7m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                15m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              51m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         103m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                157m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   52m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   59m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              8m           18Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          7m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                15m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              51m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         103m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                157m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   52m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   59m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              8m           18Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          7m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                15m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              51m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         103m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                157m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   52m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   59m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              8m           18Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          7m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                15m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              51m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         103m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                157m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   52m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   59m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              8m           18Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          7m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                15m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              51m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         103m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                157m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   52m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   59m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              8m           18Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          7m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                15m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              51m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         103m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                157m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   52m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   59m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              8m           18Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          7m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                15m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              51m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         103m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                157m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   52m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   59m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              8m           18Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          7m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                15m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              51m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         103m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                157m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   52m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   59m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              8m           18Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          7m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                15m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              51m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         103m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                157m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   52m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   59m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              8m           18Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          7m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                15m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              51m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         103m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                157m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   52m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   59m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              8m           18Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          7m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                15m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              51m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         103m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                157m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   52m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   59m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              8m           18Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          7m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                15m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              51m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         103m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                157m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   52m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   59m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              8m           18Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          7m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                15m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              51m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         103m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                157m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   52m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   59m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              8m           18Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          7m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                15m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              51m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         103m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                157m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   52m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   59m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              8m           18Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          7m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                15m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              51m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         103m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                157m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   52m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   59m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              8m           18Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          7m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                15m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              51m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         103m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                157m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   52m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   59m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              8m           18Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          7m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                15m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              51m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         103m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                157m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   52m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   59m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              8m           18Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          7m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                15m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              51m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         103m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                157m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   52m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   59m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              8m           18Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          7m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                15m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              51m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         103m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                157m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   52m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   59m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              8m           18Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          7m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                15m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              51m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         103m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                157m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   52m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   59m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              8m           18Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          7m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                15m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              51m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         103m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                157m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   52m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   59m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              8m           18Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          7m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                15m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              51m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         103m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                157m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   52m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   59m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              8m           18Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          7m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                15m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              51m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         103m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                157m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   52m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   59m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              8m           18Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          7m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                15m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              51m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         103m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                157m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   52m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   59m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              8m           18Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          7m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                15m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              51m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         103m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                157m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   52m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   59m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              8m           18Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          7m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                15m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              51m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         103m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                157m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   52m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   59m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              8m           18Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          7m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                15m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              51m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         103m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                157m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   52m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   59m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              8m           18Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          7m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                15m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              51m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         103m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                157m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   52m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   59m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              8m           18Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          7m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                15m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              51m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         103m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                157m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   52m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   59m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              8m           18Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          7m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                15m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              51m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         103m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                157m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   52m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   59m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              8m           18Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          7m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                15m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              51m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         103m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                157m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   52m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   59m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              8m           18Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          7m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                15m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              51m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         103m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                157m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   52m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   59m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              8m           18Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          7m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                15m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              51m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         103m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                157m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   52m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   59m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              8m           18Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          7m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                15m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              51m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         103m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                157m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   52m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   59m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              8m           18Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          7m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                15m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              51m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         103m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                157m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   52m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   59m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              8m           18Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          7m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                15m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              51m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         103m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                157m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   52m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   59m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              8m           18Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          7m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                15m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              51m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         103m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                157m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   52m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   59m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              8m           18Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          7m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                15m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              51m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         103m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                157m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   52m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   59m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              8m           18Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          7m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                15m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              51m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         103m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                157m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   52m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   59m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              8m           18Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          7m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                15m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              51m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         103m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                157m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   52m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   59m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              8m           18Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          7m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                15m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              51m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         103m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                157m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   52m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   59m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              8m           18Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          7m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                15m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              51m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         103m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                157m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   52m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   59m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              8m           18Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          7m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                15m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              51m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         103m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                157m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   52m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   59m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              8m           18Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          7m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                15m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              51m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         103m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                157m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   52m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   59m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              8m           18Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          7m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                15m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              51m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         103m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                157m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   52m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   59m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              8m           18Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          7m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                15m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              51m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         103m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                157m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   52m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   59m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              8m           18Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          7m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                15m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              51m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         103m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                157m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   52m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   59m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              8m           18Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          7m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                15m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              51m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         103m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                157m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   52m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   59m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              8m           18Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          7m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                15m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              51m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         103m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                157m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   52m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   59m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              8m           18Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          7m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                15m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              51m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         103m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                157m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   52m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   59m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              8m           18Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          7m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                15m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              51m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         103m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                157m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   52m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   59m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              8m           18Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          7m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              58m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         123m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   71m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           18Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              58m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         123m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   71m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           18Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              58m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         123m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   71m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           18Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              58m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         123m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   71m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           18Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              58m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         123m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   71m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           18Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              58m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         123m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   71m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           18Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              58m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         123m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   71m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           18Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              58m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         123m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   71m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           18Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              58m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         123m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   71m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           18Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              58m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         123m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   71m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           18Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              58m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         123m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   71m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           18Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              58m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         123m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   71m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           18Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              58m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         123m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   71m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           18Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              58m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         123m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   71m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           18Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              58m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         123m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   71m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           18Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              58m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         123m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   71m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           18Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              58m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         123m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   71m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           18Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              58m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         123m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   71m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           18Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              58m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         123m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   71m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           18Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              58m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         123m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   71m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           18Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              58m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         123m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   71m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           18Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              58m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         123m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   71m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           18Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              58m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         123m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   71m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           18Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              58m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         123m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   71m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           18Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              58m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         123m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   71m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           18Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              58m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         123m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   71m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           18Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              58m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         123m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   71m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           18Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              58m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         123m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   71m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           18Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              58m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         123m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   71m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           18Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              58m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         123m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   71m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           18Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              58m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         123m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   71m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           18Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              58m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         123m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   71m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           18Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              58m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         123m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   71m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           18Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              58m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         123m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   71m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           18Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              58m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         123m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   71m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           18Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              58m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         123m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   71m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           18Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              58m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         123m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   71m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           18Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              58m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         123m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   71m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           18Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              58m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         123m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   71m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           18Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              58m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         123m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   71m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           18Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              58m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         123m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   71m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           18Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              58m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         123m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   71m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           18Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              58m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         123m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   71m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           18Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              58m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         123m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   71m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           18Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              58m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         123m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   71m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           18Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              58m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         123m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   71m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           18Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              58m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         123m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   71m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           18Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              58m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         123m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   71m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           18Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              58m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         123m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   71m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           18Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              58m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         123m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   71m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           18Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              58m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         123m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   71m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           18Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              58m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         123m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   71m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           18Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              58m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         123m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   71m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           18Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              58m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         123m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   71m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           18Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              58m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         123m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   71m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           18Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              58m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         123m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   71m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           18Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              58m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         123m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                190m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   71m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           18Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              50m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         10m          11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         119m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                189m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   62m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   71m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           18Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              50m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         10m          11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         119m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                189m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   62m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   71m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           18Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              50m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         10m          11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         119m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                189m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   62m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   71m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           18Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              50m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         10m          11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         119m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                189m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   62m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   71m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           18Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              50m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         10m          11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         119m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                189m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   62m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   71m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           18Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              50m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         10m          11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         119m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                189m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   62m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   71m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           18Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              50m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         10m          11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         119m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                189m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   62m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   71m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           18Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              50m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         10m          11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         119m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                189m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   62m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   71m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           18Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              50m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         10m          11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         119m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                189m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   62m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   71m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           18Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              50m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         10m          11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         119m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                189m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   62m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   71m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           18Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              50m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         10m          11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         119m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                189m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   62m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   71m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           18Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              50m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         10m          11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         119m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                189m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   62m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   71m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           18Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              50m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         10m          11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         119m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                189m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   62m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   71m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           18Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              50m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         10m          11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         119m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                189m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   62m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   71m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           18Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              50m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         10m          11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         119m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                189m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   62m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   71m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           18Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              50m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         10m          11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         119m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                189m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   62m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   71m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           18Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              50m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         10m          11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         119m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                189m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   62m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   71m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           18Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              50m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         10m          11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         119m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                189m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   62m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   71m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           18Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           9Mi             
