NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           107Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           13Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           13Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           107Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           13Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           13Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           107Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           13Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           13Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           107Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           13Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           13Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           107Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           13Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           13Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           107Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           13Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           13Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           107Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           13Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           13Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           107Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           13Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           13Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           107Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           13Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           13Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           107Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           13Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           13Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           107Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           13Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           13Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           107Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           13Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           13Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           107Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           13Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           13Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           107Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           13Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           13Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           107Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           13Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           13Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           107Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           13Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           13Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           107Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           13Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           13Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           107Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           13Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           13Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           107Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           13Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           13Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           107Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           13Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           13Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           107Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           13Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           13Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           107Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           13Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           13Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           107Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           13Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           13Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           107Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           13Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           13Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           107Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           13Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           13Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           107Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           13Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           13Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           107Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           13Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           13Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           107Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           13Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           13Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           107Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           13Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           13Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           107Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           13Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           13Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           107Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           13Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           13Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           107Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           13Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           13Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           107Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           13Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           13Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           107Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           13Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           13Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           107Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           13Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           13Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           107Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           13Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           13Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           107Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           13Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           13Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           107Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           13Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           13Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           107Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           13Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           13Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           107Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           13Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           13Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           107Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           13Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           13Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           107Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           13Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           13Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           107Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           13Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           13Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           107Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           13Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           13Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           107Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           13Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           13Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           107Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           13Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           13Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           107Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           13Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           13Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               11m          108Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             15m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         24m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                33m          13Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    10m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   7m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               11m          108Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             15m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         24m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                33m          13Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    10m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   7m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               11m          108Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             15m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         24m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                33m          13Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    10m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   7m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               11m          108Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             15m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         24m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                33m          13Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    10m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   7m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               11m          108Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             15m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         24m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                33m          13Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    10m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   7m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               11m          108Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             15m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         24m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                33m          13Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    10m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   7m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               11m          108Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             15m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         24m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                33m          13Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    10m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   7m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               11m          108Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             15m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         24m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                33m          13Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    10m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   7m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               11m          108Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             15m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         24m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                33m          13Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    10m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   7m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               11m          108Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             15m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         24m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                33m          13Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    10m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   7m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               11m          108Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             15m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         24m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                33m          13Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    10m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   7m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               11m          108Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             15m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         24m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                33m          13Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    10m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   7m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               11m          108Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             15m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         24m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                33m          13Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    10m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   7m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               11m          108Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             15m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         24m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                33m          13Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    10m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   7m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               11m          108Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             15m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         24m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                33m          13Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    10m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   7m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               11m          108Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             15m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         24m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                33m          13Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    10m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   7m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               11m          108Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             15m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         24m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                33m          13Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    10m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   7m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               11m          108Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             15m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         24m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                33m          13Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    10m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   7m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               11m          108Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             15m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         24m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                33m          13Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    10m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   7m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               11m          108Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             15m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         24m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                33m          13Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    10m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   7m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               11m          108Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             15m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         24m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                33m          13Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    10m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   7m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               11m          108Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             15m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         24m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                33m          13Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    10m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   7m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               11m          108Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             15m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         24m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                33m          13Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    10m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   7m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               11m          108Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             15m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         24m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                33m          13Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    10m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   7m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               11m          108Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             15m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         24m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                33m          13Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    10m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   7m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               11m          108Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             15m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         24m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                33m          13Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    10m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   7m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               11m          108Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             15m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         24m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                33m          13Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    10m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   7m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               11m          108Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             15m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         24m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                33m          13Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    10m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   7m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               11m          108Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             15m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         24m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                33m          13Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    10m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   7m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               11m          108Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             15m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         24m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                33m          13Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    10m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   7m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               11m          108Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             15m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         24m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                33m          13Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    10m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   7m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               11m          108Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             15m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         24m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                33m          13Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    10m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   7m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               11m          108Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             15m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         24m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                33m          13Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    10m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   7m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               11m          108Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             15m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         24m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                33m          13Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    10m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   7m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               11m          108Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             15m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         24m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                33m          13Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    10m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   7m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               11m          108Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             15m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         24m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                33m          13Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    10m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   7m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               11m          108Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             15m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         24m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                33m          13Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    10m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   7m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               11m          108Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             15m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         24m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                33m          13Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    10m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   7m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               11m          108Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             15m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         24m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                33m          13Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    10m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   7m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               11m          108Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             15m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         24m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                33m          13Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    10m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   7m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               11m          108Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             15m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         24m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                33m          13Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    10m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   7m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               11m          108Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             15m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         24m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                33m          13Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    10m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   7m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               11m          108Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             15m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         24m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                33m          13Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    10m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   7m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               11m          108Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             15m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         24m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                33m          13Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    10m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   7m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               11m          108Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             15m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         24m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                33m          13Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    10m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   7m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               11m          108Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             15m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         24m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                33m          13Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    10m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   7m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               11m          108Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             15m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         24m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                33m          13Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    10m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   7m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               11m          108Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             15m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         24m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                33m          13Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    10m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   7m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               11m          108Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             15m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         24m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                33m          13Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    10m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   7m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               11m          108Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             15m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         24m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                33m          13Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    10m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   7m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               11m          108Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             15m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         24m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                33m          13Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    10m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   7m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               11m          108Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             15m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         24m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                33m          13Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    10m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   7m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               11m          108Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             15m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         24m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                33m          13Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    10m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   7m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               11m          108Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             15m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         24m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                33m          13Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    10m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   7m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               11m          108Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             15m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         24m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                33m          13Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    10m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   7m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               11m          108Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             15m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         24m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                33m          13Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    10m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   7m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               11m          108Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             15m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         24m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                33m          13Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    10m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   7m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               20m          115Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             21m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         28m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                39m          14Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    12m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   8m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               20m          115Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             21m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         28m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                39m          14Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    12m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   8m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               20m          115Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             21m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         28m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                39m          14Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    12m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   8m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               20m          115Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             21m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         28m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                39m          14Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    12m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   8m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               20m          115Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             21m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         28m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                39m          14Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    12m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   8m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               20m          115Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             21m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         28m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                39m          14Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    12m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   8m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               20m          115Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             21m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         28m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                39m          14Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    12m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   8m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               20m          115Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             21m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         28m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                39m          14Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    12m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   8m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               20m          115Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             21m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         28m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                39m          14Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    12m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   8m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               20m          115Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             21m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         28m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                39m          14Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    12m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   8m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               20m          115Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             21m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         28m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                39m          14Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    12m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   8m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               20m          115Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             21m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         28m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                39m          14Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    12m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   8m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               20m          115Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             21m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         28m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                39m          14Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    12m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   8m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               20m          115Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             21m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         28m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                39m          14Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    12m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   8m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               20m          115Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             21m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         28m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                39m          14Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    12m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   8m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               20m          115Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             21m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         28m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                39m          14Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    12m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   8m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               20m          115Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             21m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         28m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                39m          14Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    12m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   8m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               20m          115Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             21m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         28m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                39m          14Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    12m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   8m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               20m          115Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             21m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         28m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                39m          14Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    12m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   8m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               20m          115Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             21m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         28m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                39m          14Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    12m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   8m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               20m          115Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             21m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         28m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                39m          14Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    12m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   8m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               20m          115Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             21m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         28m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                39m          14Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    12m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   8m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               20m          115Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             21m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         28m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                39m          14Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    12m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   8m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               20m          115Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             21m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         28m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                39m          14Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    12m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   8m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               20m          115Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             21m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         28m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                39m          14Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    12m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   8m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               20m          115Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             21m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         28m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                39m          14Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    12m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   8m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               20m          115Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             21m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         28m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                39m          14Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    12m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   8m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               20m          115Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             21m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         28m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                39m          14Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    12m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   8m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               20m          115Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             21m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         28m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                39m          14Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    12m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   8m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               20m          115Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             21m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         28m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                39m          14Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    12m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   8m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               20m          115Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             21m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         28m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                39m          14Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    12m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   8m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               20m          115Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             21m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         28m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                39m          14Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    12m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   8m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               20m          115Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             21m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         28m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                39m          14Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    12m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   8m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               20m          115Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             21m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         28m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                39m          14Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    12m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   8m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               20m          115Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             21m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         28m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                39m          14Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    12m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   8m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               20m          115Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             21m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         28m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                39m          14Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    12m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   8m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               20m          115Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             21m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         28m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                39m          14Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    12m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   8m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               20m          115Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             21m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         28m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                39m          14Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    12m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   8m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               20m          115Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             21m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         28m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                39m          14Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    12m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   8m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               20m          115Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             21m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         28m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                39m          14Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    12m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   8m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               20m          115Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             21m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         28m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                39m          14Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    12m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   8m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               20m          115Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             21m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         28m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                39m          14Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    12m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   8m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               20m          115Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             21m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         28m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                39m          14Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    12m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   8m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               20m          115Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             21m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         28m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                39m          14Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    12m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   8m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               20m          115Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             21m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         28m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                39m          14Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    12m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   8m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               20m          115Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             21m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         28m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                39m          14Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    12m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   8m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               20m          115Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             21m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         28m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                39m          14Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    12m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   8m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               20m          115Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             21m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         28m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                39m          14Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    12m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   8m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               20m          115Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             21m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         28m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                39m          14Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    12m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   8m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               20m          115Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             21m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         28m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                39m          14Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    12m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   8m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               20m          115Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             21m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         28m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                39m          14Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    12m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   8m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               20m          115Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             21m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         28m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                39m          14Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    12m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   8m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               20m          115Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             21m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         28m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                39m          14Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    12m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   8m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               20m          115Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             21m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         28m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                39m          14Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    12m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   8m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               20m          115Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             21m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         28m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                39m          14Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    12m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   8m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               20m          115Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             21m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         28m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                39m          14Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    12m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   8m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               20m          115Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             21m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         28m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                39m          14Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    12m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   8m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               12m          109Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             17m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         29m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                39m          13Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    12m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   8m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               12m          109Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             17m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         29m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                39m          13Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    12m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   8m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               12m          109Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             17m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         29m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                39m          13Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    12m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   8m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               12m          109Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             17m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         29m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                39m          13Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    12m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   8m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               12m          109Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             17m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         29m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                39m          13Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    12m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   8m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               12m          109Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             17m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         29m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                39m          13Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    12m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   8m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               12m          109Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             17m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         29m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                39m          13Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    12m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   8m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               12m          109Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             17m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         29m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                39m          13Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    12m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   8m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               12m          109Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             17m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         29m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                39m          13Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    12m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   8m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               12m          109Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             17m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         29m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                39m          13Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    12m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   8m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               12m          109Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             17m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         29m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                39m          13Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    12m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   8m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               12m          109Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             17m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         29m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                39m          13Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    12m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   8m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               12m          109Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             17m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         29m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                39m          13Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    12m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   8m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               12m          109Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             17m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         29m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                39m          13Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    12m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   8m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               12m          109Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             17m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         29m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                39m          13Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    12m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   8m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               12m          109Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             17m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         29m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                39m          13Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    12m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   8m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               12m          109Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             17m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         29m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                39m          13Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    12m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   8m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               12m          109Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             17m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         29m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                39m          13Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    12m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   8m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               12m          109Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             17m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         29m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                39m          13Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    12m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   8m           39Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           7Mi             
