NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           112Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           112Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           112Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           112Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           112Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           112Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           112Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           112Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           112Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           112Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           112Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           112Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             5m           37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         7m           28Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                11m          15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    4m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   4m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           112Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             5m           37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         7m           28Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                11m          15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    4m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   4m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           112Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             5m           37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         7m           28Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                11m          15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    4m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   4m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           112Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             5m           37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         7m           28Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                11m          15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    4m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   4m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           112Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             5m           37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         7m           28Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                11m          15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    4m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   4m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           112Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             5m           37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         7m           28Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                11m          15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    4m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   4m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           112Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             5m           37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         7m           28Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                11m          15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    4m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   4m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           112Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             5m           37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         7m           28Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                11m          15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    4m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   4m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           112Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             5m           37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         7m           28Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                11m          15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    4m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   4m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           112Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             5m           37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         7m           28Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                11m          15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    4m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   4m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           112Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             5m           37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         7m           28Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                11m          15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    4m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   4m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           112Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             5m           37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         7m           28Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                11m          15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    4m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   4m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           112Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             5m           37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         7m           28Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                11m          15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    4m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   4m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           112Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             5m           37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         7m           28Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                11m          15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    4m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   4m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           112Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             5m           37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         7m           28Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                11m          15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    4m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   4m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           112Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             5m           37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         7m           28Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                11m          15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    4m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   4m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           112Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             5m           37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         7m           28Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                11m          15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    4m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   4m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           112Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             5m           37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         7m           28Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                11m          15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    4m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   4m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           112Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             5m           37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         7m           28Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                11m          15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    4m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   4m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           112Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             5m           37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         7m           28Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                11m          15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    4m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   4m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           112Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             5m           37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         7m           28Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                11m          15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    4m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   4m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           112Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             5m           37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         7m           28Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                11m          15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    4m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   4m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           112Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             5m           37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         7m           28Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                11m          15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    4m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   4m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           112Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             5m           37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         7m           28Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                11m          15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    4m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   4m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           112Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             5m           37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         7m           28Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                11m          15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    4m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   4m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           112Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             5m           37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         7m           28Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                11m          15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    4m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   4m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           112Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             5m           37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         7m           28Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                11m          15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    4m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   4m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           112Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             5m           37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         7m           28Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                11m          15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    4m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   4m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           112Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             5m           37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         7m           28Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                11m          15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    4m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   4m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           112Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             5m           37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         7m           28Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                11m          15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    4m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   4m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           112Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             5m           37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         7m           28Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                11m          15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    4m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   4m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           112Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             5m           37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         7m           28Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                11m          15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    4m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   4m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           112Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             5m           37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         7m           28Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                11m          15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    4m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   4m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           112Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             5m           37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         7m           28Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                11m          15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    4m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   4m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           112Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             5m           37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         7m           28Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                11m          15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    4m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   4m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           112Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             5m           37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         7m           28Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                11m          15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    4m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   4m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           112Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             5m           37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         7m           28Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                11m          15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    4m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   4m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           112Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             5m           37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         7m           28Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                11m          15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    4m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   4m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           112Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             5m           37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         7m           28Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                11m          15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    4m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   4m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           112Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             5m           37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         7m           28Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                11m          15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    4m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   4m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           112Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             5m           37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         7m           28Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                11m          15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    4m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   4m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           112Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             5m           37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         7m           28Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                11m          15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    4m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   4m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           112Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             5m           37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         7m           28Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                11m          15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    4m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   4m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           112Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             5m           37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         7m           28Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                11m          15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    4m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   4m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           112Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             5m           37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         7m           28Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                11m          15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    4m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   4m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           112Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             5m           37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         7m           28Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                11m          15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    4m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   4m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           112Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             5m           37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         7m           28Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                11m          15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    4m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   4m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           112Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             5m           37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         7m           28Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                11m          15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    4m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   4m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           112Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             5m           37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         7m           28Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                11m          15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    4m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   4m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           112Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             5m           37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         7m           28Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                11m          15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    4m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   4m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           112Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             5m           37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         7m           28Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                11m          15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    4m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   4m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           112Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             5m           37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         7m           28Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                11m          15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    4m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   4m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           112Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             5m           37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         7m           28Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                11m          15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    4m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   4m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           112Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             5m           37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         7m           28Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                11m          15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    4m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   4m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           112Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             5m           37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         7m           28Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                11m          15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    4m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   4m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           112Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             5m           37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         7m           28Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                11m          15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    4m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   4m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           112Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             5m           37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         7m           28Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                11m          15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    4m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   4m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               8m           112Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             32m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         34m          28Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                54m          15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    20m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   14m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               8m           112Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             32m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         34m          28Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                54m          15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    20m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   14m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               8m           112Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             32m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         34m          28Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                54m          15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    20m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   14m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               8m           112Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             32m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         34m          28Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                54m          15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    20m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   14m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               8m           112Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             32m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         34m          28Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                54m          15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    20m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   14m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               8m           112Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             32m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         34m          28Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                54m          15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    20m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   14m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               8m           112Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             32m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         34m          28Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                54m          15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    20m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   14m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               8m           112Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             32m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         34m          28Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                54m          15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    20m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   14m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               8m           112Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             32m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         34m          28Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                54m          15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    20m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   14m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               8m           112Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             32m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         34m          28Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                54m          15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    20m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   14m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               8m           112Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             32m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         34m          28Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                54m          15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    20m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   14m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               8m           112Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             32m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         34m          28Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                54m          15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    20m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   14m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               8m           112Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             32m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         34m          28Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                54m          15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    20m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   14m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               8m           112Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             32m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         34m          28Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                54m          15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    20m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   14m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               8m           112Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             32m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         34m          28Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                54m          15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    20m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   14m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               8m           112Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             32m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         34m          28Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                54m          15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    20m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   14m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               8m           112Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             32m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         34m          28Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                54m          15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    20m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   14m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               8m           112Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             32m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         34m          28Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                54m          15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    20m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   14m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               8m           112Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             32m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         34m          28Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                54m          15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    20m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   14m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               8m           112Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             32m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         34m          28Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                54m          15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    20m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   14m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               8m           112Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             32m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         34m          28Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                54m          15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    20m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   14m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               8m           112Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             32m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         34m          28Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                54m          15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    20m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   14m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               8m           112Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             32m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         34m          28Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                54m          15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    20m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   14m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               8m           112Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             32m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         34m          28Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                54m          15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    20m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   14m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               8m           112Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             32m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         34m          28Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                54m          15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    20m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   14m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               8m           112Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             32m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         34m          28Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                54m          15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    20m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   14m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               8m           112Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             32m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         34m          28Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                54m          15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    20m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   14m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               8m           112Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             32m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         34m          28Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                54m          15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    20m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   14m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               8m           112Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             32m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         34m          28Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                54m          15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    20m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   14m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               8m           112Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             32m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         34m          28Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                54m          15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    20m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   14m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               8m           112Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             32m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         34m          28Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                54m          15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    20m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   14m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               8m           112Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             32m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         34m          28Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                54m          15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    20m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   14m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               8m           112Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             32m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         34m          28Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                54m          15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    20m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   14m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               8m           112Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             32m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         34m          28Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                54m          15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    20m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   14m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               8m           112Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             32m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         34m          28Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                54m          15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    20m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   14m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               8m           112Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             32m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         34m          28Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                54m          15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    20m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   14m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               8m           112Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             32m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         34m          28Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                54m          15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    20m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   14m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               8m           112Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             32m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         34m          28Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                54m          15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    20m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   14m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               8m           112Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             32m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         34m          28Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                54m          15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    20m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   14m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               8m           112Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             32m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         34m          28Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                54m          15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    20m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   14m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               8m           112Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             32m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         34m          28Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                54m          15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    20m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   14m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               8m           112Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             32m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         34m          28Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                54m          15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    20m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   14m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               8m           112Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             32m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         34m          28Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                54m          15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    20m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   14m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               8m           112Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             32m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         34m          28Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                54m          15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    20m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   14m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               8m           112Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             32m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         34m          28Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                54m          15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    20m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   14m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               8m           112Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             32m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         34m          28Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                54m          15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    20m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   14m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               8m           112Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             32m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         34m          28Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                54m          15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    20m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   14m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               8m           112Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             32m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         34m          28Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                54m          15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    20m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   14m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               8m           112Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             32m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         34m          28Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                54m          15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    20m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   14m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               8m           112Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             32m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         34m          28Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                54m          15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    20m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   14m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               8m           112Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             32m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         34m          28Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                54m          15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    20m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   14m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               8m           112Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             32m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         34m          28Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                54m          15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    20m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   14m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               8m           112Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             32m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         34m          28Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                54m          15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    20m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   14m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               8m           112Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             32m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         34m          28Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                54m          15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    20m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   14m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               8m           112Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             32m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         34m          28Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                54m          15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    20m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   14m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               8m           112Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             32m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         34m          28Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                54m          15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    20m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   14m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               8m           112Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             32m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         34m          28Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                54m          15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    20m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   14m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               5m           112Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             33m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         34m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                54m          15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    20m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   14m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               5m           112Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             33m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         34m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                54m          15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    20m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   14m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               5m           112Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             33m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         34m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                54m          15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    20m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   14m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               5m           112Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             33m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         34m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                54m          15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    20m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   14m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               5m           112Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             33m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         34m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                54m          15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    20m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   14m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               5m           112Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             33m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         34m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                54m          15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    20m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   14m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               5m           112Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             33m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         34m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                54m          15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    20m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   14m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               5m           112Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             33m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         34m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                54m          15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    20m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   14m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               5m           112Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             33m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         34m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                54m          15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    20m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   14m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               5m           112Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             33m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         34m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                54m          15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    20m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   14m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               5m           112Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             33m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         34m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                54m          15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    20m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   14m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               5m           112Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             33m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         34m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                54m          15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    20m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   14m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               5m           112Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             33m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         34m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                54m          15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    20m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   14m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               5m           112Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             33m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         34m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                54m          15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    20m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   14m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               5m           112Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             33m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         34m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                54m          15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    20m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   14m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               5m           112Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             33m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         34m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                54m          15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    20m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   14m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               5m           112Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             33m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         34m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                54m          15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    20m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   14m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               5m           112Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             33m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         34m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                54m          15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    20m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   14m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               5m           112Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             33m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         34m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                54m          15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    20m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   14m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               5m           112Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             33m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         34m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                54m          15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    20m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   14m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               5m           112Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             33m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         34m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                54m          15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    20m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   14m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               5m           112Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             33m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         34m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                54m          15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    20m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   14m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               5m           112Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             33m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         34m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                54m          15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    20m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   14m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               5m           112Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             33m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         34m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                54m          15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    20m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   14m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               5m           112Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             33m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         34m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                54m          15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    20m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   14m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               5m           112Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             33m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         34m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                54m          15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    20m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   14m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               5m           112Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             33m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         34m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                54m          15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    20m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   14m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               5m           112Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             33m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         34m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                54m          15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    20m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   14m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               5m           112Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             33m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         34m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                54m          15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    20m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   14m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               5m           112Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             33m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         34m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                54m          15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    20m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   14m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               5m           112Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             33m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         34m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                54m          15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    20m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   14m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               5m           112Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             33m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         34m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                54m          15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    20m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   14m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               5m           112Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             33m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         34m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                54m          15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    20m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   14m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               5m           112Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             33m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         34m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                54m          15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    20m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   14m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               5m           112Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             33m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         34m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                54m          15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    20m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   14m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               5m           112Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             33m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         34m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                54m          15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    20m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   14m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               5m           112Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             33m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         34m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                54m          15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    20m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   14m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               5m           112Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             33m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         34m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                54m          15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    20m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   14m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               5m           112Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             33m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         34m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                54m          15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    20m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   14m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               5m           112Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             33m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         34m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                54m          15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    20m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   14m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               5m           112Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             33m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         34m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                54m          15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    20m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   14m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               5m           112Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             33m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         34m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                54m          15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    20m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   14m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               5m           112Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             33m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         34m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                54m          15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    20m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   14m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               5m           112Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             33m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         34m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                54m          15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    20m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   14m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               5m           112Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             33m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         34m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                54m          15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    20m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   14m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               5m           112Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             33m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         34m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                54m          15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    20m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   14m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               5m           112Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             33m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         34m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                54m          15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    20m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   14m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               5m           112Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             33m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         34m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                54m          15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    20m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   14m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               5m           112Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             33m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         34m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                54m          15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    20m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   14m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               5m           112Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             33m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         34m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                54m          15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    20m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   14m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               5m           112Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             33m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         34m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                54m          15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    20m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   14m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               5m           112Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             33m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         34m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                54m          15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    20m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   14m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               5m           112Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             33m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         34m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                54m          15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    20m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   14m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               5m           112Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             33m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         34m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                54m          15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    20m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   14m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           7Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               5m           112Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             33m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         34m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                54m          15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    20m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   14m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           7Mi             
