NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               4m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             24m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         25m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                39m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    14m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   11m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               4m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             24m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         25m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                39m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    14m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   11m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               4m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             24m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         25m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                39m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    14m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   11m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               4m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             24m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         25m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                39m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    14m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   11m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               4m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             24m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         25m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                39m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    14m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   11m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               4m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             24m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         25m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                39m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    14m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   11m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               4m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             24m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         25m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                39m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    14m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   11m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               4m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             24m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         25m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                39m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    14m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   11m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               4m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             24m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         25m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                39m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    14m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   11m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               4m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             24m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         25m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                39m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    14m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   11m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               4m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             24m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         25m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                39m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    14m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   11m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               4m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             24m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         25m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                39m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    14m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   11m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               4m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             24m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         25m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                39m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    14m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   11m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               4m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             24m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         25m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                39m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    14m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   11m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               4m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             24m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         25m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                39m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    14m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   11m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               4m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             24m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         25m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                39m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    14m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   11m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               4m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             24m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         25m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                39m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    14m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   11m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               4m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             24m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         25m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                39m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    14m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   11m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               4m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             24m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         25m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                39m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    14m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   11m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               4m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             24m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         25m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                39m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    14m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   11m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               4m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             24m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         25m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                39m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    14m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   11m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               4m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             24m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         25m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                39m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    14m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   11m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               4m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             24m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         25m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                39m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    14m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   11m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               4m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             24m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         25m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                39m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    14m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   11m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               4m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             24m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         25m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                39m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    14m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   11m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               4m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             24m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         25m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                39m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    14m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   11m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               4m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             24m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         25m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                39m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    14m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   11m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               4m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             24m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         25m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                39m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    14m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   11m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               4m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             24m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         25m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                39m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    14m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   11m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               4m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             24m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         25m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                39m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    14m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   11m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               4m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             24m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         25m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                39m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    14m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   11m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               4m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             24m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         25m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                39m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    14m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   11m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               4m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             24m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         25m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                39m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    14m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   11m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               4m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             24m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         25m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                39m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    14m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   11m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               4m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             24m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         25m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                39m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    14m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   11m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               4m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             24m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         25m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                39m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    14m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   11m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               4m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             24m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         25m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                39m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    14m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   11m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               4m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             24m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         25m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                39m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    14m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   11m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               4m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             24m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         25m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                39m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    14m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   11m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               4m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             24m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         25m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                39m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    14m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   11m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               4m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             24m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         25m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                39m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    14m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   11m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               4m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             24m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         25m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                39m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    14m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   11m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               4m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             24m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         25m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                39m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    14m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   11m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               4m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             24m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         25m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                39m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    14m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   11m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               4m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             24m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         25m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                39m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    14m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   11m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               4m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             24m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         25m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                39m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    14m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   11m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               4m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             24m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         25m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                39m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    14m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   11m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               4m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             24m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         25m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                39m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    14m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   11m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               4m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             24m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         25m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                39m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    14m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   11m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               4m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             24m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         25m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                39m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    14m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   11m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               4m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             24m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         25m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                39m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    14m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   11m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               4m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             24m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         25m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                39m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    14m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   11m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               4m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             24m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         25m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                39m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    14m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   11m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               4m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             24m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         25m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                39m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    14m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   11m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               4m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             24m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         25m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                39m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    14m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   11m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               4m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             24m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         25m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                39m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    14m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   11m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               4m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             24m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         25m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                39m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    14m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   11m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               12m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             74m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         114m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                179m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   42m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              9m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               12m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             74m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         114m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                179m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   42m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              9m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               12m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             74m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         114m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                179m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   42m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              9m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               12m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             74m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         114m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                179m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   42m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              9m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               12m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             74m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         114m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                179m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   42m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              9m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               12m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             74m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         114m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                179m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   42m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              9m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               12m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             74m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         114m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                179m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   42m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              9m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               12m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             74m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         114m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                179m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   42m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              9m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               12m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             74m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         114m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                179m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   42m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              9m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               12m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             74m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         114m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                179m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   42m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              9m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               12m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             74m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         114m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                179m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   42m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              9m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               12m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             74m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         114m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                179m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   42m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              9m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               12m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             74m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         114m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                179m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   42m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              9m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               12m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             74m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         114m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                179m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   42m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              9m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               12m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             74m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         114m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                179m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   42m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              9m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               12m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             74m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         114m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                179m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   42m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              9m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               12m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             74m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         114m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                179m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   42m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              9m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               12m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             74m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         114m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                179m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   42m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              9m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               12m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             74m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         114m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                179m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   42m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              9m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               12m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             74m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         114m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                179m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   42m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              9m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               12m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             74m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         114m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                179m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   42m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              9m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               12m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             74m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         114m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                179m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   42m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              9m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               12m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             74m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         114m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                179m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   42m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              9m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               12m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             74m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         114m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                179m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   42m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              9m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               12m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             74m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         114m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                179m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   42m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              9m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               12m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             74m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         114m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                179m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   42m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              9m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               12m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             74m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         114m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                179m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   42m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              9m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               12m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             74m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         114m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                179m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   42m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              9m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               12m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             74m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         114m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                179m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   42m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              9m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               12m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             74m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         114m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                179m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   42m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              9m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               12m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             74m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         114m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                179m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   42m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              9m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               12m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             74m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         114m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                179m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   42m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              9m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               12m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             74m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         114m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                179m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   42m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              9m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               12m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             74m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         114m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                179m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   42m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              9m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               12m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             74m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         114m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                179m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   42m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              9m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               12m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             74m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         114m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                179m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   42m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              9m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               12m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             74m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         114m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                179m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   42m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              9m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               12m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             74m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         114m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                179m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   42m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              9m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               12m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             74m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         114m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                179m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   42m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              9m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               12m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             74m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         114m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                179m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   42m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              9m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               12m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             74m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         114m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                179m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   42m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              9m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               12m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             74m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         114m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                179m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   42m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              9m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               12m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             74m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         114m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                179m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   42m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              9m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               12m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             74m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         114m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                179m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   42m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              9m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               12m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             74m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         114m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                179m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   42m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              9m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               12m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             74m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         114m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                179m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   42m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              9m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               12m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             74m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         114m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                179m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   42m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              9m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               12m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             74m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         114m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                179m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   42m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              9m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               12m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             74m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         114m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                179m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   42m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              9m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               12m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             74m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         114m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                179m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   42m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              9m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               12m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             74m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         114m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                179m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   42m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              9m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               12m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             74m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         114m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                179m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   42m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              9m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               12m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             74m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         114m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                179m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   42m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              9m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               12m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             74m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         114m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                179m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   42m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              9m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               12m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             74m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         114m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                179m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   42m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              9m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               12m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             74m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         114m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                179m         16Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   42m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              9m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             73m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         120m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                190m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             73m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         120m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                190m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             73m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         120m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                190m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             73m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         120m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                190m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             73m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         120m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                190m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             73m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         120m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                190m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             73m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         120m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                190m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             73m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         120m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                190m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             73m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         120m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                190m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             73m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         120m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                190m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             73m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         120m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                190m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             73m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         120m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                190m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             73m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         120m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                190m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             73m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         120m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                190m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             73m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         120m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                190m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             73m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         120m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                190m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             73m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         120m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                190m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             73m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         120m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                190m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             73m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         120m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                190m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             73m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         120m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                190m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             73m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         120m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                190m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             73m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         120m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                190m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             73m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         120m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                190m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             73m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         120m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                190m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             73m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         120m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                190m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             73m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         120m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                190m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             73m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         120m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                190m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             73m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         120m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                190m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             73m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         120m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                190m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             73m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         120m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                190m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             73m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         120m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                190m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             73m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         120m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                190m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             73m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         120m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                190m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             73m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         120m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                190m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             73m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         120m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                190m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             73m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         120m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                190m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             73m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         120m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                190m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             73m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         120m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                190m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             73m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         120m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                190m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             73m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         120m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                190m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             73m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         120m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                190m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             73m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         120m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                190m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             73m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         120m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                190m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             73m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         120m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                190m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             73m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         120m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                190m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             73m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         120m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                190m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             73m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         120m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                190m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             73m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         120m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                190m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             73m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         120m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                190m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             73m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         120m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                190m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             73m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         120m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                190m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             73m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         120m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                190m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             73m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         120m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                190m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           19Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           9Mi             
