NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               6m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             33m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         46m          31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                71m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    27m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   18m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               6m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             33m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         46m          31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                71m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    27m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   18m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               6m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             33m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         46m          31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                71m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    27m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   18m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               6m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             33m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         46m          31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                71m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    27m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   18m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               6m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             33m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         46m          31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                71m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    27m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   18m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               6m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             33m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         46m          31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                71m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    27m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   18m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               6m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             33m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         46m          31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                71m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    27m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   18m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               6m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             33m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         46m          31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                71m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    27m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   18m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               6m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             33m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         46m          31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                71m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    27m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   18m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               6m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             33m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         46m          31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                71m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    27m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   18m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               6m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             33m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         46m          31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                71m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    27m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   18m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               6m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             33m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         46m          31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                71m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    27m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   18m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               6m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             33m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         46m          31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                71m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    27m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   18m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               6m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             33m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         46m          31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                71m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    27m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   18m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               6m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             33m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         46m          31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                71m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    27m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   18m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               6m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             33m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         46m          31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                71m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    27m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   18m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               6m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             33m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         46m          31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                71m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    27m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   18m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               6m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             33m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         46m          31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                71m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    27m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   18m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               6m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             33m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         46m          31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                71m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    27m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   18m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               6m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             33m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         46m          31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                71m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    27m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   18m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               6m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             33m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         46m          31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                71m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    27m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   18m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               6m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             33m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         46m          31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                71m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    27m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   18m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               6m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             33m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         46m          31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                71m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    27m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   18m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               6m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             33m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         46m          31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                71m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    27m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   18m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               6m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             33m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         46m          31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                71m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    27m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   18m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               6m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             33m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         46m          31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                71m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    27m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   18m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               6m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             33m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         46m          31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                71m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    27m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   18m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               6m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             33m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         46m          31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                71m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    27m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   18m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               6m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             33m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         46m          31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                71m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    27m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   18m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               6m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             33m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         46m          31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                71m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    27m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   18m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               6m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             33m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         46m          31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                71m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    27m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   18m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               6m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             33m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         46m          31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                71m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    27m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   18m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               6m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             33m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         46m          31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                71m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    27m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   18m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               6m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             33m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         46m          31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                71m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    27m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   18m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               6m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             33m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         46m          31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                71m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    27m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   18m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               6m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             33m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         46m          31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                71m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    27m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   18m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               6m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             33m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         46m          31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                71m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    27m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   18m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               6m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             33m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         46m          31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                71m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    27m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   18m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               6m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             33m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         46m          31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                71m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    27m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   18m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               6m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             33m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         46m          31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                71m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    27m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   18m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               6m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             33m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         46m          31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                71m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    27m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   18m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               6m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             33m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         46m          31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                71m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    27m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   18m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               6m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             33m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         46m          31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                71m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    27m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   18m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               6m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             33m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         46m          31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                71m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    27m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   18m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               6m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             33m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         46m          31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                71m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    27m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   18m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               6m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             33m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         46m          31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                71m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    27m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   18m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               6m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             33m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         46m          31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                71m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    27m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   18m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               6m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             33m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         46m          31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                71m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    27m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   18m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               6m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             33m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         46m          31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                71m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    27m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   18m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               6m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             33m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         46m          31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                71m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    27m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   18m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               6m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             33m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         46m          31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                71m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    27m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   18m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               6m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             33m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         46m          31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                71m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    27m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   18m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               6m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             33m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         46m          31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                71m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    27m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   18m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               6m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             33m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         46m          31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                71m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    27m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   18m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               6m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             33m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         46m          31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                71m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    27m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   18m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               6m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             33m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         46m          31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                71m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    27m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   18m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               6m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             33m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         46m          31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                71m          17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    27m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   18m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              3m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             60m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         121m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              8m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             60m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         121m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              8m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             60m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         121m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              8m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             60m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         121m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              8m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             60m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         121m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              8m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             60m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         121m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              8m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             60m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         121m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              8m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             60m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         121m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              8m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             60m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         121m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              8m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             60m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         121m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              8m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             60m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         121m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              8m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             60m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         121m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              8m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             60m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         121m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              8m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             60m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         121m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              8m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             60m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         121m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              8m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             60m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         121m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              8m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             60m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         121m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              8m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             60m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         121m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              8m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             60m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         121m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              8m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             60m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         121m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              8m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             60m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         121m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              8m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             60m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         121m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              8m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             60m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         121m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              8m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             60m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         121m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              8m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             60m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         121m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              8m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             60m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         121m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              8m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             60m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         121m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              8m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             60m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         121m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              8m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             60m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         121m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              8m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             60m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         121m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              8m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             60m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         121m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              8m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             60m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         121m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              8m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             60m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         121m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              8m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             60m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         121m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              8m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             60m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         121m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              8m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             60m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         121m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              8m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             60m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         121m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              8m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             60m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         121m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              8m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             60m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         121m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              8m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             60m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         121m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              8m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             60m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         121m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              8m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             60m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         121m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              8m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             60m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         121m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              8m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             60m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         121m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              8m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             60m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         121m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              8m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             60m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         121m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              8m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             60m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         121m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              8m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             60m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         121m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              8m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             60m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         121m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              8m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             60m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         121m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              8m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             60m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         121m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              8m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             60m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         121m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              8m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             60m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         121m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              8m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             60m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         121m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              8m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             60m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         121m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              8m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             60m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         121m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                189m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              8m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             62m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         120m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                190m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             62m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         120m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                190m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             62m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         120m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                190m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             62m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         120m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                190m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             62m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         120m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                190m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             62m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         120m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                190m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             62m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         120m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                190m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             62m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         120m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                190m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             62m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         120m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                190m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             62m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         120m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                190m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             62m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         120m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                190m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             62m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         120m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                190m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             62m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         120m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                190m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             62m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         120m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                190m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             62m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         120m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                190m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             62m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         120m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                190m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             62m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         120m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                190m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             62m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         120m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                190m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             62m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         120m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                190m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             62m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         120m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                190m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             62m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         120m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                190m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             62m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         120m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                190m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             62m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         120m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                190m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             62m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         120m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                190m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             62m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         120m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                190m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             62m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         120m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                190m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             62m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         120m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                190m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             62m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         120m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                190m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             62m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         120m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                190m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             62m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         120m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                190m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             62m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         120m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                190m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             62m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         120m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                190m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             62m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         120m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                190m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             62m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         120m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                190m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             62m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         120m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                190m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             62m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         120m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                190m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             62m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         120m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                190m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             62m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         120m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                190m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             62m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         120m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                190m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             62m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         120m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                190m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             62m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         120m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                190m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             62m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         120m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                190m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               13m          128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             62m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         120m         31Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                190m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   44m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           18Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         7m           8Mi             
