NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               2m           160Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            2m           88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        1m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        1m           61Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                1m           33Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         1m           44Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   1m           26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   2m           66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             2m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        1m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               2m           160Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            2m           88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        1m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        1m           61Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                1m           33Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         1m           44Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   1m           26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   2m           66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             2m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        1m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               2m           160Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            2m           88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        1m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        1m           61Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                1m           33Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         1m           44Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   1m           26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   2m           66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             2m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        1m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               2m           160Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            2m           88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        1m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        1m           61Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                1m           33Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         1m           44Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   1m           26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   2m           66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             2m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        1m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               2m           160Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            2m           88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        1m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        1m           61Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                1m           33Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         1m           44Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   1m           26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   2m           66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             2m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        1m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               2m           160Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            2m           88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        1m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        1m           61Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                1m           33Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         1m           44Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   1m           26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   2m           66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             2m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        1m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               2m           160Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            2m           88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        1m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        1m           61Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                1m           33Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         1m           44Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   1m           26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   2m           66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             2m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        1m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               2m           160Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            2m           88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        1m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        1m           61Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                1m           33Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         1m           44Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   1m           26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   2m           66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             2m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        1m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               2m           160Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            2m           88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        1m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        1m           61Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                1m           33Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         1m           44Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   1m           26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   2m           66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             2m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        1m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               2m           160Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            2m           88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        1m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        1m           61Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                1m           33Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         1m           44Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   1m           26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   2m           66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             2m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        1m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               2m           160Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            2m           88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        1m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        1m           61Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                1m           33Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         1m           44Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   1m           26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   2m           66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             2m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        1m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               2m           160Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            2m           88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        1m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        1m           61Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                1m           33Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         1m           44Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   1m           26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   2m           66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             2m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        1m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               2m           160Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            2m           88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        1m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        1m           61Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                1m           33Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         1m           44Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   1m           26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   2m           66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             2m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        1m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               2m           160Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            2m           88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        1m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        1m           61Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                1m           33Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         1m           44Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   1m           26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   2m           66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             2m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        1m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               2m           160Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            2m           88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        1m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        1m           61Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                1m           33Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         1m           44Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   1m           26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   2m           66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             2m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        1m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               2m           160Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            2m           88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        1m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        1m           61Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                1m           33Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         1m           44Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   1m           26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   2m           66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             2m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        1m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               2m           160Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            2m           88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        1m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        1m           61Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                1m           33Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         1m           44Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   1m           26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   2m           66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             2m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        1m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               2m           160Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            2m           88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        1m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        1m           61Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                1m           33Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         1m           44Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   1m           26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   2m           66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             2m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        1m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               2m           160Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            2m           88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        1m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        1m           61Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                1m           33Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         1m           44Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   1m           26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   2m           66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             2m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        1m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               2m           160Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            2m           88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        1m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        1m           61Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                1m           33Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         1m           44Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   1m           26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   2m           66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             2m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        1m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               2m           160Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            2m           88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        1m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        1m           61Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                1m           33Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         1m           44Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   1m           26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   2m           66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             2m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        1m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               2m           160Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            2m           88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        1m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        1m           61Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                1m           33Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         1m           44Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   1m           26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   2m           66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             2m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        1m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               2m           160Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            2m           88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        1m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        1m           61Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                1m           33Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         1m           44Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   1m           26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   2m           66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             2m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        1m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               2m           160Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            2m           88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        1m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        1m           61Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                1m           33Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         1m           44Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   1m           26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   2m           66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             2m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        1m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               2m           160Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            2m           88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        1m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        1m           61Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                1m           33Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         1m           44Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   1m           26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   2m           66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             2m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        1m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               2m           160Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            2m           88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        1m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        1m           61Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                1m           33Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         1m           44Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   1m           26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   2m           66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             2m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        1m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               2m           160Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            2m           88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        1m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        1m           61Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                1m           33Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         1m           44Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   1m           26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   2m           66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             2m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        1m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               2m           160Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            2m           88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        1m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        1m           61Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                1m           33Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         1m           44Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   1m           26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   2m           66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             2m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        1m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               2m           160Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            2m           88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        1m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        1m           61Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                1m           33Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         1m           44Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   1m           26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   2m           66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             2m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        1m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               2m           160Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            2m           88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        1m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        1m           61Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                1m           33Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         1m           44Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   1m           26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   2m           66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             2m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        1m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               2m           160Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            2m           88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        1m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        1m           61Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                1m           33Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         1m           44Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   1m           26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   2m           66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             2m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        1m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               2m           160Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            2m           88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        1m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        1m           61Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                1m           33Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         1m           44Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   1m           26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   2m           66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             2m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        1m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               2m           160Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            2m           88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        1m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        1m           61Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                1m           33Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         1m           44Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   1m           26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   2m           66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             2m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        1m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               2m           160Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            2m           88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        1m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        1m           61Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                1m           33Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         1m           44Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   1m           26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   2m           66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             2m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        1m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               2m           160Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            2m           88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        1m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        1m           61Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                1m           33Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         1m           44Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   1m           26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   2m           66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             2m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        1m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               2m           160Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            2m           88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        1m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        1m           61Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                1m           33Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         1m           44Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   1m           26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   2m           66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             2m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        1m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               2m           160Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            2m           88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        1m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        1m           61Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                1m           33Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         1m           44Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   1m           26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   2m           66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             2m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        1m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               2m           160Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            2m           88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        1m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        1m           61Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                1m           33Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         1m           44Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   1m           26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   2m           66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             2m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        1m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               2m           160Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            2m           88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        1m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        1m           61Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                1m           33Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         1m           44Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   1m           26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   2m           66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             2m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        1m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               2m           160Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            2m           88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        1m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        1m           61Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                1m           33Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         1m           44Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   1m           26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   2m           66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             2m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        1m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               2m           160Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            2m           88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        1m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        1m           61Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                1m           33Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         1m           44Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   1m           26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   2m           66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             2m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        1m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               2m           160Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            2m           88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        1m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        1m           61Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                1m           33Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         1m           44Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   1m           26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   2m           66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             2m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        1m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               2m           160Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            2m           88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        1m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        1m           61Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                1m           33Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         1m           44Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   1m           26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   2m           66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             2m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        1m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               2m           160Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            2m           88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        1m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        1m           61Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                1m           33Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         1m           44Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   1m           26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   2m           66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             2m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        1m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               2m           160Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            2m           88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        1m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        1m           61Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                1m           33Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         1m           44Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   1m           26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   2m           66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             2m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        1m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               2m           160Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            2m           88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        1m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        1m           61Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                1m           33Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         1m           44Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   1m           26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   2m           66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             2m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        1m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               2m           160Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            2m           88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        1m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        1m           61Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                1m           33Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         1m           44Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   1m           26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   2m           66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             2m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        1m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               2m           160Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            2m           88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        1m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        1m           61Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                1m           33Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         1m           44Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   1m           26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   2m           66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             2m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        1m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               2m           160Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            2m           88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        1m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        1m           61Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                1m           33Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         1m           44Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   1m           26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   2m           66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             2m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        1m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               2m           160Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            2m           88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        1m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        1m           61Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                1m           33Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         1m           44Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   1m           26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   2m           66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             2m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        1m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               2m           160Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            2m           88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        1m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        1m           61Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                1m           33Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         1m           44Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   1m           26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   2m           66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             2m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        1m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               2m           160Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            2m           88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        1m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        1m           61Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                1m           33Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         1m           44Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   1m           26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   2m           66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             2m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        1m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               2m           160Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            2m           88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        1m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        1m           61Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                1m           33Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         1m           44Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   1m           26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   2m           66Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             2m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        1m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               20m          161Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            73m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        8m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        118m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                176m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           44Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   56m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   64m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               20m          161Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            73m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        8m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        118m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                176m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           44Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   56m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   64m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               20m          161Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            73m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        8m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        118m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                176m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           44Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   56m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   64m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               20m          161Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            73m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        8m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        118m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                176m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           44Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   56m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   64m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               20m          161Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            73m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        8m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        118m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                176m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           44Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   56m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   64m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               20m          161Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            73m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        8m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        118m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                176m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           44Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   56m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   64m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               20m          161Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            73m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        8m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        118m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                176m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           44Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   56m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   64m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               20m          161Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            73m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        8m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        118m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                176m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           44Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   56m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   64m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               20m          161Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            73m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        8m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        118m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                176m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           44Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   56m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   64m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               20m          161Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            73m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        8m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        118m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                176m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           44Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   56m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   64m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               20m          161Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            73m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        8m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        118m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                176m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           44Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   56m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   64m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               20m          161Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            73m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        8m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        118m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                176m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           44Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   56m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   64m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               20m          161Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            73m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        8m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        118m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                176m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           44Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   56m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   64m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               20m          161Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            73m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        8m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        118m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                176m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           44Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   56m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   64m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               20m          161Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            73m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        8m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        118m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                176m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           44Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   56m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   64m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               20m          161Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            73m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        8m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        118m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                176m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           44Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   56m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   64m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               20m          161Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            73m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        8m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        118m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                176m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           44Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   56m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   64m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               20m          161Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            73m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        8m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        118m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                176m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           44Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   56m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   64m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               20m          161Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            73m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        8m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        118m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                176m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           44Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   56m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   64m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               20m          161Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            73m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        8m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        118m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                176m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           44Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   56m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   64m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               20m          161Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            73m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        8m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        118m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                176m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           44Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   56m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   64m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               20m          161Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            73m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        8m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        118m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                176m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           44Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   56m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   64m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               20m          161Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            73m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        8m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        118m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                176m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           44Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   56m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   64m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               20m          161Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            73m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        8m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        118m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                176m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           44Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   56m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   64m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               20m          161Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            73m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        8m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        118m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                176m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           44Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   56m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   64m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               20m          161Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            73m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        8m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        118m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                176m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           44Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   56m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   64m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               20m          161Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            73m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        8m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        118m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                176m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           44Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   56m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   64m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               20m          161Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            73m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        8m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        118m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                176m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           44Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   56m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   64m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               20m          161Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            73m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        8m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        118m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                176m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           44Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   56m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   64m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               20m          161Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            73m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        8m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        118m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                176m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           44Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   56m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   64m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               20m          161Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            73m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        8m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        118m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                176m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           44Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   56m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   64m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               20m          161Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            73m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        8m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        118m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                176m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           44Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   56m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   64m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               20m          161Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            73m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        8m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        118m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                176m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           44Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   56m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   64m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               20m          161Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            73m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        8m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        118m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                176m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           44Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   56m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   64m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               20m          161Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            73m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        8m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        118m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                176m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           44Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   56m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   64m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               20m          161Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            73m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        8m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        118m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                176m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           44Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   56m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   64m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               20m          161Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            73m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        8m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        118m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                176m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           44Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   56m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   64m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               20m          161Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            73m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        8m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        118m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                176m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           44Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   56m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   64m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               20m          161Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            73m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        8m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        118m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                176m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           44Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   56m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   64m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               20m          161Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            73m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        8m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        118m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                176m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           44Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   56m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   64m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               20m          161Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            73m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        8m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        118m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                176m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           44Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   56m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   64m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               20m          161Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            73m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        8m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        118m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                176m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           44Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   56m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   64m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               20m          161Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            73m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        8m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        118m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                176m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           44Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   56m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   64m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               20m          161Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            73m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        8m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        118m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                176m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           44Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   56m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   64m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               20m          161Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            73m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        8m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        118m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                176m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           44Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   56m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   64m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               20m          161Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            73m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        8m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        118m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                176m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           44Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   56m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   64m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               20m          161Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            73m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        8m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        118m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                176m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           44Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   56m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   64m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               20m          161Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            73m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        8m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        118m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                176m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           44Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   56m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   64m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               20m          161Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            73m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        8m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        118m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                176m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           44Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   56m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   64m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               20m          161Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            73m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        8m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        118m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                176m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           44Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   56m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   64m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               20m          161Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            73m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        8m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        118m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                176m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           44Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   56m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   64m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               20m          161Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            73m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        8m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        118m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                176m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           44Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   56m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   64m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               20m          161Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            73m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        8m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        118m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                176m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           44Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   56m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   64m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               20m          161Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            73m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        8m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        118m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                176m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           44Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   56m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   64m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               20m          161Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            73m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        8m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        118m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                176m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           44Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   56m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   64m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               20m          161Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            73m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        8m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        118m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                176m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           44Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   56m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   64m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               20m          161Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            73m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        8m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        118m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                176m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           44Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   56m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   64m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               20m          160Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            73m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        9m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        129m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                193m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           44Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   62m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   71m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               20m          160Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            73m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        9m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        129m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                193m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           44Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   62m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   71m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               20m          160Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            73m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        9m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        129m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                193m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           44Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   62m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   71m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               20m          160Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            73m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        9m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        129m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                193m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           44Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   62m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   71m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               20m          160Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            73m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        9m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        129m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                193m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           44Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   62m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   71m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               20m          160Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            73m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        9m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        129m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                193m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           44Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   62m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   71m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               20m          160Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            73m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        9m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        129m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                193m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           44Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   62m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   71m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               20m          160Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            73m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        9m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        129m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                193m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           44Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   62m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   71m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               20m          160Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            73m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        9m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        129m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                193m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           44Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   62m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   71m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               20m          160Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            73m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        9m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        129m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                193m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           44Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   62m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   71m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               20m          160Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            73m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        9m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        129m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                193m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           44Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   62m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   71m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               20m          160Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            73m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        9m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        129m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                193m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           44Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   62m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   71m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               20m          160Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            73m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        9m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        129m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                193m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           44Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   62m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   71m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               20m          160Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            73m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        9m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        129m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                193m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           44Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   62m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   71m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               20m          160Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            73m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        9m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        129m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                193m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           44Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   62m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   71m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               20m          160Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            73m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        9m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        129m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                193m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           44Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   62m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   71m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               20m          160Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            73m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        9m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        129m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                193m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           44Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   62m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   71m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               20m          160Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            73m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        9m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        129m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                193m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           44Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   62m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   71m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               20m          160Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            73m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        9m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        129m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                193m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           44Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   62m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   71m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               20m          160Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            73m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        9m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        129m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                193m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           44Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   62m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   71m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               20m          160Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            73m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        9m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        129m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                193m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           44Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   62m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   71m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               20m          160Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            73m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        9m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        129m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                193m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           44Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   62m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   71m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               20m          160Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            73m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        9m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        129m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                193m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           44Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   62m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   71m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               20m          160Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            73m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        9m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        129m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                193m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           44Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   62m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   71m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               20m          160Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            73m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        9m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        129m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                193m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           44Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   62m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   71m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               20m          160Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            73m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        9m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        129m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                193m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           44Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   62m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   71m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               20m          160Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            73m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        9m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        129m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                193m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           44Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   62m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   71m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               20m          160Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            73m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        9m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        129m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                193m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           44Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   62m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   71m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               20m          160Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            73m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        9m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        129m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                193m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           44Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   62m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   71m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               20m          160Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            73m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        9m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        129m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                193m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           44Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   62m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   71m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               20m          160Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            73m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        9m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        129m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                193m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           44Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   62m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   71m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               20m          160Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            73m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        9m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        129m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                193m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           44Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   62m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   71m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               20m          160Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            73m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        9m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        129m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                193m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           44Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   62m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   71m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               20m          160Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            73m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        9m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        129m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                193m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           44Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   62m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   71m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               20m          160Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            73m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        9m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        129m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                193m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           44Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   62m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   71m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               20m          160Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            73m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        9m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        129m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                193m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           44Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   62m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   71m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               20m          160Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            73m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        9m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        129m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                193m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           44Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   62m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   71m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               20m          160Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            73m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        9m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        129m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                193m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           44Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   62m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   71m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               20m          160Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            73m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        9m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        129m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                193m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           44Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   62m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   71m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               20m          160Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            73m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        9m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        129m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                193m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           44Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   62m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   71m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               20m          160Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            73m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        9m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        129m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                193m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           44Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   62m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   71m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               20m          160Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            73m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        9m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        129m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                193m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           44Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   62m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   71m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               20m          160Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            73m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        9m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        129m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                193m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           44Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   62m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   71m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               20m          160Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            73m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        9m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        129m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                193m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           44Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   62m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   71m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               20m          160Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            73m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        9m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        129m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                193m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           44Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   62m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   71m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               20m          160Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            73m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        9m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        129m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                193m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           44Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   62m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   71m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               20m          160Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            73m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        9m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        129m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                193m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           44Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   62m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   71m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               20m          160Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            73m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        9m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        129m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                193m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           44Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   62m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   71m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               20m          160Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            73m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        9m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        129m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                193m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           44Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   62m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   71m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               20m          160Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            73m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        9m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        129m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                193m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           44Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   62m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   71m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               20m          160Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            73m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        9m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        129m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                193m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           44Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   62m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   71m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               20m          160Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            73m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        9m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        129m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                193m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           44Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   62m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   71m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               20m          160Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            73m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        9m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        129m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                193m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           44Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   62m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   71m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               20m          160Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            73m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        9m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        129m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                193m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           44Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   62m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   71m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               20m          160Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            73m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        9m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        129m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                193m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           44Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   62m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   71m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               20m          160Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            73m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        9m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        129m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                193m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           44Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   62m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   71m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               20m          161Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            53m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        8m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        126m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                191m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         2m           44Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   62m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   70m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               20m          161Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            53m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        8m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        126m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                191m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         2m           44Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   62m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   70m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               20m          161Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            53m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        8m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        126m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                191m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         2m           44Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   62m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   70m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               20m          161Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            53m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        8m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        126m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                191m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         2m           44Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   62m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   70m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               20m          161Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            53m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        8m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        126m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                191m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         2m           44Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   62m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   70m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               20m          161Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            53m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        8m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        126m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                191m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         2m           44Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   62m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   70m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               20m          161Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            53m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        8m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        126m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                191m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         2m           44Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   62m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   70m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               20m          161Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            53m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        8m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        126m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                191m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         2m           44Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   62m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   70m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               20m          161Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            53m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        8m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        126m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                191m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         2m           44Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   62m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   70m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               20m          161Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            53m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        8m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        126m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                191m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         2m           44Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   62m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   70m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               20m          161Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            53m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        8m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        126m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                191m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         2m           44Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   62m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   70m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               20m          161Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            53m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        8m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        126m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                191m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         2m           44Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   62m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   70m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               20m          161Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            53m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        8m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        126m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                191m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         2m           44Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   62m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   70m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               20m          161Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            53m          88Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        8m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        126m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                191m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         2m           44Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   62m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   70m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           21Mi            
