NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                2m           108Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             1m           46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          1m           23Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         1m           42Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             2m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                1m           32Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          1m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   1m           24Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   2m           47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              2m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         1m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                2m           108Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             1m           46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          1m           23Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         1m           42Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             2m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                1m           32Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          1m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   1m           24Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   2m           47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              2m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         1m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                2m           108Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             1m           46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          1m           23Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         1m           42Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             2m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                1m           32Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          1m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   1m           24Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   2m           47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              2m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         1m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                2m           108Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             1m           46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          1m           23Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         1m           42Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             2m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                1m           32Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          1m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   1m           24Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   2m           47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              2m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         1m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                2m           108Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             1m           46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          1m           23Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         1m           42Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             2m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                1m           32Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          1m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   1m           24Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   2m           47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              2m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         1m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                2m           108Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             1m           46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          1m           23Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         1m           42Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             2m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                1m           32Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          1m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   1m           24Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   2m           47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              2m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         1m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                2m           108Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             1m           46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          1m           23Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         1m           42Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             2m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                1m           32Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          1m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   1m           24Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   2m           47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              2m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         1m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                2m           108Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             1m           46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          1m           23Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         1m           42Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             2m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                1m           32Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          1m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   1m           24Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   2m           47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              2m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         1m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                2m           108Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             1m           46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          1m           23Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         1m           42Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             2m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                1m           32Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          1m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   1m           24Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   2m           47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              2m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         1m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                2m           108Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             1m           46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          1m           23Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         1m           42Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             2m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                1m           32Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          1m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   1m           24Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   2m           47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              2m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         1m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                2m           108Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             1m           46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          1m           23Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         1m           42Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             2m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                1m           32Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          1m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   1m           24Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   2m           47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              2m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         1m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                2m           108Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             1m           46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          1m           23Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         1m           42Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             2m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                1m           32Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          1m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   1m           24Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   2m           47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              2m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         1m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                2m           108Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             1m           46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          1m           23Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         1m           42Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             2m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                1m           32Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          1m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   1m           24Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   2m           47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              2m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         1m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                2m           108Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             1m           46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          1m           23Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         1m           42Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             2m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                1m           32Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          1m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   1m           24Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   2m           47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              2m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         1m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                2m           108Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             1m           46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          1m           23Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         1m           42Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             2m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                1m           32Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          1m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   1m           24Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   2m           47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              2m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         1m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                2m           108Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             1m           46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          1m           23Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         1m           42Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             2m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                1m           32Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          1m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   1m           24Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   2m           47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              2m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         1m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                2m           108Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             1m           46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          1m           23Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         1m           42Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             2m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                1m           32Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          1m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   1m           24Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   2m           47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              2m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         1m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                2m           108Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             1m           46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          1m           23Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         1m           42Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             2m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                1m           32Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          1m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   1m           24Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   2m           47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              2m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         1m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                2m           108Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             1m           46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          1m           23Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         1m           42Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             2m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                1m           32Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          1m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   1m           24Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   2m           47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              2m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         1m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                2m           108Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             1m           46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          1m           23Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         1m           42Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             2m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                1m           32Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          1m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   1m           24Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   2m           47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              2m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         1m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                2m           108Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             1m           46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          1m           23Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         1m           42Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             2m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                1m           32Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          1m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   1m           24Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   2m           47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              2m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         1m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                2m           108Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             1m           46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          1m           23Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         1m           42Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             2m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                1m           32Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          1m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   1m           24Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   2m           47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              2m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         1m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                9m           109Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             31m          47Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          3m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         50m          43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             2m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                73m          35Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          2m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   24m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   28m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              3m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         4m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                9m           109Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             31m          47Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          3m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         50m          43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             2m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                73m          35Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          2m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   24m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   28m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              3m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         4m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                9m           109Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             31m          47Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          3m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         50m          43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             2m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                73m          35Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          2m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   24m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   28m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              3m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         4m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                9m           109Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             31m          47Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          3m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         50m          43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             2m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                73m          35Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          2m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   24m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   28m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              3m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         4m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                9m           109Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             31m          47Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          3m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         50m          43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             2m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                73m          35Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          2m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   24m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   28m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              3m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         4m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                9m           109Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             31m          47Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          3m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         50m          43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             2m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                73m          35Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          2m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   24m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   28m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              3m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         4m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                9m           109Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             31m          47Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          3m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         50m          43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             2m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                73m          35Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          2m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   24m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   28m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              3m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         4m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                9m           109Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             31m          47Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          3m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         50m          43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             2m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                73m          35Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          2m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   24m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   28m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              3m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         4m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                9m           109Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             31m          47Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          3m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         50m          43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             2m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                73m          35Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          2m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   24m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   28m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              3m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         4m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                9m           109Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             31m          47Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          3m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         50m          43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             2m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                73m          35Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          2m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   24m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   28m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              3m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         4m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                9m           109Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             31m          47Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          3m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         50m          43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             2m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                73m          35Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          2m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   24m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   28m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              3m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         4m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                9m           109Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             31m          47Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          3m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         50m          43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             2m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                73m          35Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          2m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   24m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   28m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              3m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         4m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                9m           109Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             31m          47Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          3m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         50m          43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             2m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                73m          35Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          2m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   24m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   28m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              3m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         4m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                9m           109Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             31m          47Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          3m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         50m          43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             2m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                73m          35Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          2m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   24m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   28m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              3m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         4m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                9m           109Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             31m          47Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          3m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         50m          43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             2m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                73m          35Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          2m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   24m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   28m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              3m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         4m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                9m           109Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             31m          47Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          3m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         50m          43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             2m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                73m          35Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          2m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   24m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   28m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              3m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         4m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                9m           109Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             31m          47Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          3m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         50m          43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             2m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                73m          35Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          2m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   24m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   28m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              3m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         4m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                9m           109Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             31m          47Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          3m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         50m          43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             2m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                73m          35Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          2m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   24m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   28m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              3m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         4m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                9m           109Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             31m          47Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          3m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         50m          43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             2m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                73m          35Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          2m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   24m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   28m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              3m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         4m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                9m           109Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             31m          47Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          3m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         50m          43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             2m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                73m          35Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          2m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   24m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   28m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              3m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         4m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                9m           109Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             31m          47Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          3m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         50m          43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             2m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                73m          35Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          2m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   24m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   28m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              3m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         4m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                9m           109Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             31m          47Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          3m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         50m          43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             2m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                73m          35Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          2m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   24m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   28m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              3m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         4m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                9m           109Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             31m          47Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          3m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         50m          43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             2m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                73m          35Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          2m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   24m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   28m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              3m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         4m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                9m           109Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             31m          47Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          3m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         50m          43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             2m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                73m          35Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          2m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   24m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   28m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              3m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         4m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                9m           109Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             31m          47Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          3m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         50m          43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             2m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                73m          35Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          2m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   24m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   28m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              3m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         4m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                9m           109Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             31m          47Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          3m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         50m          43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             2m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                73m          35Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          2m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   24m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   28m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              3m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         4m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                9m           109Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             31m          47Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          3m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         50m          43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             2m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                73m          35Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          2m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   24m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   28m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              3m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         4m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                9m           109Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             31m          47Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          3m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         50m          43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             2m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                73m          35Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          2m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   24m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   28m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              3m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         4m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                9m           109Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             31m          47Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          3m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         50m          43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             2m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                73m          35Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          2m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   24m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   28m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              3m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         4m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                9m           109Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             31m          47Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          3m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         50m          43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             2m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                73m          35Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          2m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   24m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   28m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              3m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         4m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                9m           109Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             31m          47Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          3m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         50m          43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             2m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                73m          35Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          2m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   24m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   28m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              3m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         4m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                9m           109Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             31m          47Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          3m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         50m          43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             2m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                73m          35Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          2m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   24m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   28m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              3m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         4m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                9m           109Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             31m          47Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          3m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         50m          43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             2m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                73m          35Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          2m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   24m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   28m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              3m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         4m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                9m           109Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             31m          47Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          3m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         50m          43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             2m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                73m          35Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          2m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   24m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   28m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              3m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         4m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                9m           109Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             31m          47Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          3m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         50m          43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             2m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                73m          35Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          2m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   24m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   28m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              3m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         4m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                9m           109Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             31m          47Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          3m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         50m          43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             2m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                73m          35Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          2m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   24m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   28m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              3m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         4m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                9m           109Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             31m          47Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          3m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         50m          43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             2m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                73m          35Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          2m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   24m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   28m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              3m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         4m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                9m           109Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             31m          47Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          3m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         50m          43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             2m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                73m          35Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          2m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   24m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   28m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              3m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         4m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                9m           109Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             31m          47Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          3m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         50m          43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             2m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                73m          35Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          2m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   24m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   28m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              3m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         4m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                9m           109Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             31m          47Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          3m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         50m          43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             2m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                73m          35Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          2m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   24m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   28m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              3m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         4m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                9m           109Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             31m          47Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          3m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         50m          43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             2m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                73m          35Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          2m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   24m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   28m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              3m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         4m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                9m           109Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             31m          47Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          3m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         50m          43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             2m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                73m          35Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          2m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   24m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   28m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              3m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         4m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                9m           109Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             31m          47Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          3m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         50m          43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             2m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                73m          35Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          2m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   24m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   28m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              3m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         4m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                9m           109Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             31m          47Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          3m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         50m          43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             2m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                73m          35Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          2m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   24m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   28m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              3m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         4m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                9m           109Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             31m          47Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          3m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         50m          43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             2m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                73m          35Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          2m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   24m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   28m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              3m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         4m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                9m           109Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             31m          47Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          3m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         50m          43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             2m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                73m          35Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          2m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   24m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   28m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              3m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         4m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                9m           109Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             31m          47Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          3m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         50m          43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             2m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                73m          35Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          2m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   24m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   28m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              3m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         4m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                9m           109Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             31m          47Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          3m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         50m          43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             2m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                73m          35Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          2m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   24m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   28m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              3m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         4m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                9m           109Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             31m          47Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          3m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         50m          43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             2m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                73m          35Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          2m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   24m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   28m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              3m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         4m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                9m           109Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             31m          47Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          3m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         50m          43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             2m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                73m          35Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          2m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   24m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   28m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              3m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         4m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                9m           109Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             31m          47Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          3m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         50m          43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             2m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                73m          35Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          2m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   24m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   28m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              3m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         4m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                9m           109Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             31m          47Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          3m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         50m          43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             2m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                73m          35Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          2m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   24m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   28m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              3m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         4m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                9m           109Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             31m          47Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          3m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         50m          43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             2m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                73m          35Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          2m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   24m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   28m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              3m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         4m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                9m           109Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             31m          47Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          3m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         50m          43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             2m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                73m          35Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          2m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   24m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   28m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              3m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         4m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                9m           109Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             31m          47Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          3m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         50m          43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             2m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                73m          35Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          2m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   24m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   28m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              3m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         4m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                9m           109Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             31m          47Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          3m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         50m          43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             2m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                73m          35Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          2m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   24m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   28m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              3m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         4m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                9m           109Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             31m          47Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          3m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         50m          43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             2m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                73m          35Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          2m           21Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   24m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   28m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              3m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         4m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                22m          109Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             81m          47Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          9m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         133m         43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                194m         36Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          4m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   63m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   71m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         8m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                22m          109Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             81m          47Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          9m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         133m         43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                194m         36Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          4m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   63m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   71m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         8m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                22m          109Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             81m          47Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          9m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         133m         43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                194m         36Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          4m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   63m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   71m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         8m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                22m          109Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             81m          47Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          9m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         133m         43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                194m         36Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          4m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   63m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   71m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         8m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                22m          109Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             81m          47Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          9m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         133m         43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                194m         36Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          4m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   63m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   71m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         8m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                22m          109Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             81m          47Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          9m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         133m         43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                194m         36Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          4m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   63m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   71m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         8m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                22m          109Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             81m          47Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          9m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         133m         43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                194m         36Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          4m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   63m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   71m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         8m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                22m          109Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             81m          47Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          9m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         133m         43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                194m         36Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          4m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   63m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   71m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         8m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                22m          109Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             81m          47Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          9m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         133m         43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                194m         36Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          4m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   63m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   71m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         8m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                22m          109Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             81m          47Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          9m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         133m         43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                194m         36Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          4m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   63m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   71m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         8m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                22m          109Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             81m          47Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          9m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         133m         43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                194m         36Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          4m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   63m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   71m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         8m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                22m          109Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             81m          47Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          9m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         133m         43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                194m         36Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          4m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   63m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   71m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         8m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                22m          109Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             81m          47Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          9m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         133m         43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                194m         36Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          4m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   63m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   71m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         8m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                22m          109Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             81m          47Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          9m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         133m         43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                194m         36Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          4m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   63m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   71m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         8m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                22m          109Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             81m          47Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          9m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         133m         43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                194m         36Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          4m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   63m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   71m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         8m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                22m          109Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             81m          47Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          9m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         133m         43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                194m         36Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          4m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   63m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   71m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         8m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                22m          109Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             81m          47Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          9m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         133m         43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                194m         36Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          4m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   63m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   71m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         8m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                22m          109Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             81m          47Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          9m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         133m         43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                194m         36Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          4m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   63m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   71m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         8m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                22m          109Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             81m          47Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          9m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         133m         43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                194m         36Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          4m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   63m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   71m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         8m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                22m          109Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             81m          47Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          9m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         133m         43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                194m         36Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          4m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   63m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   71m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         8m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                22m          109Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             81m          47Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          9m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         133m         43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                194m         36Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          4m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   63m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   71m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         8m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                22m          109Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             81m          47Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          9m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         133m         43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                194m         36Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          4m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   63m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   71m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         8m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                22m          109Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             81m          47Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          9m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         133m         43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                194m         36Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          4m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   63m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   71m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         8m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                22m          109Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             81m          47Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          9m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         133m         43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                194m         36Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          4m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   63m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   71m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         8m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                22m          109Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             81m          47Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          9m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         133m         43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                194m         36Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          4m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   63m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   71m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         8m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                22m          109Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             81m          47Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          9m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         133m         43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                194m         36Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          4m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   63m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   71m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         8m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                22m          109Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             81m          47Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          9m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         133m         43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                194m         36Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          4m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   63m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   71m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         8m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                22m          109Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             81m          47Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          9m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         133m         43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                194m         36Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          4m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   63m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   71m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         8m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                22m          109Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             81m          47Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          9m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         133m         43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                194m         36Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          4m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   63m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   71m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         8m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                22m          109Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             81m          47Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          9m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         133m         43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                194m         36Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          4m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   63m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   71m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         8m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                22m          109Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             81m          47Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          9m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         133m         43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                194m         36Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          4m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   63m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   71m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         8m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                22m          109Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             81m          47Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          9m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         133m         43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                194m         36Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          4m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   63m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   71m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         8m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                22m          109Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             81m          47Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          9m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         133m         43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                194m         36Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          4m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   63m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   71m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         8m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                22m          109Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             81m          47Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          9m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         133m         43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                194m         36Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          4m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   63m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   71m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         8m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                22m          109Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             81m          47Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          9m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         133m         43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                194m         36Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          4m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   63m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   71m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         8m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                22m          109Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             81m          47Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          9m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         133m         43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                194m         36Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          4m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   63m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   71m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         8m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                22m          109Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             81m          47Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          9m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         133m         43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                194m         36Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          4m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   63m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   71m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         8m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                22m          109Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             81m          47Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          9m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         133m         43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                194m         36Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          4m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   63m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   71m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         8m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                22m          109Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             81m          47Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          9m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         133m         43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                194m         36Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          4m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   63m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   71m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         8m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                22m          109Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             81m          47Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          9m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         133m         43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                194m         36Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          4m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   63m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   71m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         8m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                22m          109Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             81m          47Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          9m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         133m         43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                194m         36Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          4m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   63m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   71m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         8m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                22m          109Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             81m          47Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          9m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         133m         43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                194m         36Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          4m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   63m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   71m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         8m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                22m          109Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             81m          47Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          9m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         133m         43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                194m         36Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          4m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   63m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   71m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         8m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                22m          109Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             81m          47Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          9m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         133m         43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                194m         36Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          4m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   63m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   71m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         8m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                22m          109Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             81m          47Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          9m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         133m         43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                194m         36Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          4m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   63m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   71m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         8m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                22m          109Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             81m          47Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          9m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         133m         43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                194m         36Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          4m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   63m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   71m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         8m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                22m          109Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             81m          47Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          9m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         133m         43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                194m         36Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          4m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   63m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   71m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         8m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                22m          109Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             81m          47Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          9m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         133m         43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                194m         36Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          4m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   63m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   71m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         8m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                22m          109Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             81m          47Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          9m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         133m         43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                194m         36Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          4m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   63m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   71m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         8m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                22m          109Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             81m          47Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          9m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         133m         43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                194m         36Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          4m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   63m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   71m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         8m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                22m          109Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             81m          47Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          9m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         133m         43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                194m         36Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          4m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   63m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   71m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         8m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                22m          109Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             81m          47Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          9m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         133m         43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                194m         36Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          4m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   63m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   71m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         8m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                22m          109Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             81m          47Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          9m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         133m         43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                194m         36Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          4m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   63m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   71m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         8m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                22m          109Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             81m          47Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          9m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         133m         43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                194m         36Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          4m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   63m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   71m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         8m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                22m          109Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             81m          47Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          9m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         133m         43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                194m         36Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          4m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   63m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   71m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         8m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                22m          109Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             81m          47Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          9m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         133m         43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                194m         36Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          4m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   63m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   71m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         8m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                22m          109Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             81m          47Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          9m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         133m         43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                194m         36Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          4m           22Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   63m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   71m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         8m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                22m          109Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             56m          47Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          9m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         127m         43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                189m         35Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          4m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   62m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   71m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         8m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                22m          109Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             56m          47Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          9m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         127m         43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                189m         35Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          4m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   62m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   71m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         8m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                22m          109Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             56m          47Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          9m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         127m         43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                189m         35Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          4m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   62m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   71m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         8m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                22m          109Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             56m          47Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          9m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         127m         43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                189m         35Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          4m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   62m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   71m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         8m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                22m          109Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             56m          47Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          9m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         127m         43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                189m         35Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          4m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   62m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   71m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         8m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                22m          109Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             56m          47Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          9m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         127m         43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                189m         35Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          4m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   62m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   71m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         8m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                22m          109Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             56m          47Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          9m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         127m         43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                189m         35Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          4m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   62m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   71m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         8m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                22m          109Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             56m          47Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          9m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         127m         43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                189m         35Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          4m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   62m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   71m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         8m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                22m          109Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             56m          47Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          9m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         127m         43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                189m         35Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          4m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   62m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   71m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         8m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                22m          109Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             56m          47Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          9m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         127m         43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                189m         35Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          4m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   62m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   71m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         8m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                22m          109Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             56m          47Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          9m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         127m         43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                189m         35Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          4m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   62m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   71m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         8m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                22m          109Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             56m          47Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          9m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         127m         43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                189m         35Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          4m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   62m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   71m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         8m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                22m          109Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             56m          47Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          9m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         127m         43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                189m         35Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          4m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   62m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   71m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         8m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                22m          109Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             56m          47Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          9m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         127m         43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                189m         35Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          4m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   62m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   71m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         8m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                22m          109Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             56m          47Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          9m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         127m         43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                189m         35Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          4m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   62m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   71m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         8m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                22m          109Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             56m          47Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          9m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         127m         43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                189m         35Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          4m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   62m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   71m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         8m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                22m          109Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             56m          47Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          9m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         127m         43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                189m         35Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          4m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   62m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   71m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         8m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                22m          109Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             56m          47Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          9m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         127m         43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                189m         35Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          4m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   62m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   71m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         8m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                22m          109Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             56m          47Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          9m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         127m         43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                189m         35Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          4m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   62m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   71m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         8m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                22m          109Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             56m          47Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          9m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         127m         43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                189m         35Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          4m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   62m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   71m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         8m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                22m          109Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             56m          47Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          9m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         127m         43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                189m         35Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          4m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   62m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   71m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         8m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                22m          109Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             56m          47Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          9m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         127m         43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                189m         35Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          4m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   62m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   71m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         8m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                22m          109Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             56m          47Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          9m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         127m         43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                189m         35Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          4m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   62m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   71m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         8m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                22m          109Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             56m          47Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          9m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         127m         43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                189m         35Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          4m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   62m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   71m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         8m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                22m          109Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             56m          47Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          9m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         127m         43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                189m         35Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          4m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   62m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   71m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         8m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                22m          109Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             56m          47Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          9m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         127m         43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                189m         35Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          4m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   62m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   71m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         8m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                22m          109Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             56m          47Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          9m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         127m         43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                189m         35Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          4m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   62m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   71m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         8m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                22m          109Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             56m          47Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          9m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         127m         43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                189m         35Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          4m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   62m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   71m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         8m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                22m          109Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             56m          47Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          9m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         127m         43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                189m         35Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          4m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   62m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   71m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         8m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                22m          109Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             56m          47Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          9m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         127m         43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                189m         35Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          4m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   62m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   71m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         8m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                22m          109Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             56m          47Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          9m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         127m         43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                189m         35Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          4m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   62m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   71m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         8m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                22m          109Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             56m          47Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          9m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         127m         43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                189m         35Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          4m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   62m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   71m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         8m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                22m          109Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             56m          47Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          9m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         127m         43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                189m         35Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          4m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   62m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   71m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         8m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                22m          109Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             56m          47Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          9m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         127m         43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                189m         35Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          4m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   62m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   71m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         8m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                22m          109Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             56m          47Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          9m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         127m         43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                189m         35Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          4m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   62m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   71m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         8m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                22m          109Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             56m          47Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          9m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         127m         43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                189m         35Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          4m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   62m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   71m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         8m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                22m          109Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             56m          47Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          9m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         127m         43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                189m         35Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          4m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   62m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   71m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         8m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                22m          109Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             56m          47Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          9m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         127m         43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                189m         35Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          4m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   62m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   71m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         8m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                22m          109Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             56m          47Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          9m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         127m         43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                189m         35Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          4m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   62m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   71m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         8m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                22m          109Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             56m          47Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          9m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         127m         43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                189m         35Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          4m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   62m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   71m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         8m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                22m          109Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             56m          47Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          9m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         127m         43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                189m         35Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          4m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   62m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   71m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         8m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                22m          109Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             56m          47Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          9m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         127m         43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                189m         35Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          4m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   62m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   71m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         8m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                22m          109Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             56m          47Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          9m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         127m         43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                189m         35Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          4m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   62m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   71m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         8m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                22m          109Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             56m          47Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          9m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         127m         43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                189m         35Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          4m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   62m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   71m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         8m           20Mi            
