NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               5m           122Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           8Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               5m           122Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           8Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               5m           122Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           8Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               5m           122Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           8Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               5m           122Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           8Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               5m           122Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           8Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               5m           122Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           8Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               5m           122Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           8Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               5m           122Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           8Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               5m           122Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           8Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               5m           122Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           8Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               5m           122Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           8Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               5m           122Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           8Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               5m           122Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           8Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               5m           122Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           8Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               5m           122Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           8Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               5m           122Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           8Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               5m           122Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           8Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               5m           122Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           8Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               5m           122Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           8Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               5m           122Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           8Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               5m           122Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           8Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               5m           122Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           8Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               5m           122Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           8Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               5m           122Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           8Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               5m           122Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           8Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               5m           122Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           8Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               5m           122Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           8Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               5m           122Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           8Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               10m          123Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             48m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         66m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                98m          19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    34m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   33m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           8Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               10m          123Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             48m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         66m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                98m          19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    34m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   33m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           8Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               10m          123Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             48m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         66m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                98m          19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    34m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   33m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           8Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               10m          123Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             48m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         66m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                98m          19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    34m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   33m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           8Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               10m          123Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             48m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         66m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                98m          19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    34m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   33m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           8Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               10m          123Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             48m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         66m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                98m          19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    34m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   33m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           8Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               10m          123Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             48m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         66m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                98m          19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    34m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   33m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           8Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               10m          123Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             48m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         66m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                98m          19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    34m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   33m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           8Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               10m          123Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             48m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         66m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                98m          19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    34m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   33m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           8Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               10m          123Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             48m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         66m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                98m          19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    34m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   33m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           8Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               10m          123Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             48m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         66m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                98m          19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    34m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   33m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           8Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               10m          123Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             48m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         66m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                98m          19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    34m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   33m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           8Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               10m          123Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             48m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         66m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                98m          19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    34m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   33m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           8Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               10m          123Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             48m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         66m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                98m          19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    34m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   33m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           8Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               10m          123Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             48m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         66m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                98m          19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    34m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   33m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           8Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               10m          123Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             48m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         66m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                98m          19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    34m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   33m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           8Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               10m          123Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             48m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         66m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                98m          19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    34m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   33m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           8Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               10m          123Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             48m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         66m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                98m          19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    34m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   33m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           8Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               10m          123Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             48m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         66m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                98m          19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    34m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   33m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           8Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               10m          123Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             48m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         66m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                98m          19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    34m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   33m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           8Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               10m          123Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             48m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         66m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                98m          19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    34m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   33m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           8Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               10m          123Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             48m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         66m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                98m          19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    34m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   33m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           8Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               10m          123Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             48m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         66m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                98m          19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    34m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   33m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           8Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               10m          123Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             48m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         66m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                98m          19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    34m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   33m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           8Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               10m          123Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             48m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         66m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                98m          19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    34m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   33m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           8Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               10m          123Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             48m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         66m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                98m          19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    34m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   33m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           8Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               10m          123Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             48m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         66m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                98m          19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    34m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   33m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           8Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               10m          123Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             48m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         66m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                98m          19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    34m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   33m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           8Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               10m          123Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             48m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         66m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                98m          19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    34m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   33m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           8Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               10m          123Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             48m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         66m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                98m          19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    34m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   33m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           8Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               10m          123Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             48m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         66m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                98m          19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    34m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   33m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           8Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               10m          123Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             48m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         66m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                98m          19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    34m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   33m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           8Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               10m          123Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             48m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         66m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                98m          19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    34m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   33m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           8Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               10m          123Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             48m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         66m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                98m          19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    34m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   33m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           8Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               10m          123Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             48m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         66m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                98m          19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    34m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   33m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           8Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               10m          123Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             48m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         66m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                98m          19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    34m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   33m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           8Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               10m          123Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             48m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         66m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                98m          19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    34m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   33m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           8Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               10m          123Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             48m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         66m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                98m          19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    34m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   33m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           8Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               10m          123Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             48m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         66m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                98m          19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    34m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   33m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           8Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               10m          123Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             48m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         66m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                98m          19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    34m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   33m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           8Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               10m          123Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             48m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         66m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                98m          19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    34m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   33m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           8Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               10m          123Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             48m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         66m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                98m          19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    34m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   33m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           8Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               10m          123Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             48m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         66m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                98m          19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    34m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   33m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           8Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               10m          123Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             48m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         66m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                98m          19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    34m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   33m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           8Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               10m          123Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             48m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         66m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                98m          19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    34m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   33m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           8Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               10m          123Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             48m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         66m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                98m          19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    34m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   33m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           8Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               10m          123Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             48m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         66m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                98m          19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    34m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   33m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           8Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               10m          123Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             48m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         66m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                98m          19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    34m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   33m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           8Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               10m          123Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             48m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         66m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                98m          19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    34m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   33m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           8Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               10m          123Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             48m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         66m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                98m          19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    34m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   33m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           8Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               10m          123Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             48m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         66m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                98m          19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    34m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   33m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           8Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               10m          123Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             48m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         66m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                98m          19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    34m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   33m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           8Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               10m          123Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             48m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         66m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                98m          19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    34m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   33m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           8Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               10m          123Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             48m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         66m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                98m          19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    34m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   33m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           8Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               10m          123Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             48m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         66m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                98m          19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    34m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   33m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           8Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               10m          123Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             48m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         66m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                98m          19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    34m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   33m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           8Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               10m          123Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             48m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         66m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                98m          19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    34m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   33m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           8Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          123Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             92m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         133m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                196m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   64m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           8Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          123Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             92m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         133m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                196m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   64m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           8Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          123Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             92m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         133m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                196m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   64m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           8Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          123Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             92m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         133m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                196m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   64m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           8Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          123Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             92m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         133m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                196m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   64m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           8Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          123Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             92m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         133m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                196m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   64m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           8Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          123Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             92m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         133m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                196m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   64m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           8Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          123Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             92m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         133m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                196m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   64m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           8Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          123Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             92m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         133m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                196m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   64m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           8Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          123Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             92m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         133m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                196m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   64m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           8Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          123Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             92m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         133m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                196m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   64m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           8Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          123Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             92m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         133m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                196m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   64m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           8Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          123Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             92m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         133m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                196m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   64m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           8Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          123Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             92m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         133m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                196m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   64m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           8Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          123Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             92m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         133m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                196m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   64m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           8Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          123Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             92m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         133m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                196m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   64m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           8Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          123Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             92m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         133m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                196m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   64m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           8Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          123Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             92m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         133m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                196m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   64m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           8Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          123Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             92m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         133m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                196m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   64m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           8Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          123Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             92m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         133m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                196m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   64m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           8Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          123Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             92m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         133m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                196m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   64m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           8Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          123Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             92m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         133m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                196m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   64m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           8Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          123Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             92m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         133m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                196m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   64m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           8Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          123Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             92m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         133m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                196m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   64m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           8Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          123Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             92m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         133m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                196m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   64m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           8Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          123Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             92m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         133m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                196m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   64m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           8Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          123Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             92m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         133m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                196m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   64m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           8Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          123Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             92m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         133m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                196m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   64m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           8Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          123Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             92m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         133m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                196m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   64m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           8Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          123Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             92m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         133m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                196m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   64m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           8Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          123Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             92m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         133m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                196m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   64m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           8Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          123Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             92m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         133m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                196m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   64m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           8Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          123Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             92m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         133m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                196m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   64m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           8Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          123Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             92m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         133m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                196m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   64m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           8Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          123Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             92m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         133m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                196m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   64m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           8Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          123Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             92m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         133m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                196m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   64m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           8Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          123Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             92m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         133m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                196m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   64m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           8Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          123Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             92m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         133m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                196m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   64m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           8Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          123Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             92m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         133m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                196m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   64m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           8Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          123Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             92m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         133m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                196m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   64m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           8Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          123Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             92m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         133m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                196m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   64m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           8Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          123Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             92m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         133m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                196m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   64m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           8Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          123Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             92m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         133m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                196m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   64m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           8Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          123Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             92m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         133m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                196m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   64m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           8Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          123Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             92m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         133m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                196m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   64m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           8Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          123Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             92m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         133m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                196m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   64m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           8Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          123Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             92m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         133m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                196m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   64m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           8Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          123Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             92m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         133m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                196m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   64m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           8Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          123Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             92m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         133m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                196m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   64m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           8Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          123Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             92m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         133m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                196m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   64m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           8Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          123Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             92m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         133m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                196m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   64m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           8Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          123Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             92m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         133m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                196m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   64m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           8Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          123Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             92m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         133m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                196m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   64m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           8Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          123Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             92m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         133m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                196m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   64m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           8Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          123Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             92m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         133m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                196m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   64m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           8Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          123Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             92m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         133m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                196m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   64m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           8Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          123Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             92m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         133m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                196m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   64m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           8Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          123Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             67m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                193m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   63m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              7m           8Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          123Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             67m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                193m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   63m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              7m           8Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          123Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             67m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                193m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   63m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              7m           8Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          123Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             67m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                193m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   63m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              7m           8Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          123Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             67m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                193m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   63m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              7m           8Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          123Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             67m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                193m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   63m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              7m           8Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          123Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             67m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                193m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   63m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              7m           8Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          123Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             67m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                193m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   63m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              7m           8Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          123Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             67m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                193m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   63m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              7m           8Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          123Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             67m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                193m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   63m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              7m           8Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          123Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             67m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                193m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   63m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              7m           8Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          123Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             67m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                193m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   63m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              7m           8Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          123Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             67m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                193m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   63m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              7m           8Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          123Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             67m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                193m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   63m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              7m           8Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          123Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             67m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                193m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   63m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              7m           8Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          123Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             67m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                193m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   63m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              7m           8Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          123Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             67m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                193m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   63m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              7m           8Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          123Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             67m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                193m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   63m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              7m           8Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          123Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             67m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                193m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   63m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              7m           8Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          123Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             67m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                193m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   63m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              7m           8Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          123Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             67m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                193m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   63m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              7m           8Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          123Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             67m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                193m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   63m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              7m           8Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          123Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             67m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                193m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   63m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              7m           8Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          123Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             67m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                193m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   63m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              7m           8Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          123Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             67m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                193m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   63m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              7m           8Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          123Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             67m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                193m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   63m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              7m           8Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          123Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             67m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                193m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   63m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              7m           8Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          123Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             67m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                193m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   63m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              7m           8Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          123Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             67m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                193m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   63m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              7m           8Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          123Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             67m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                193m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   63m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              7m           8Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          123Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             67m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                193m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   63m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              7m           8Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          123Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             67m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                193m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   63m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              7m           8Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          123Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             67m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                193m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   63m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              7m           8Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          123Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             67m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                193m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   63m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              7m           8Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          123Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             67m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                193m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   63m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              7m           8Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          123Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             67m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                193m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   63m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              7m           8Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          123Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             67m          42Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                193m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   63m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              7m           8Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
