NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           55Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           55Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           55Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           55Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           55Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           55Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           55Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           55Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           55Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           55Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           55Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           55Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           55Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           55Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           55Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           55Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           55Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           55Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              7m           113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             29m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        41m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                60m          18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   21m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   21m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           55Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              7m           113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             29m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        41m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                60m          18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   21m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   21m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           55Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              7m           113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             29m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        41m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                60m          18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   21m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   21m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           55Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              7m           113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             29m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        41m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                60m          18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   21m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   21m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           55Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              7m           113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             29m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        41m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                60m          18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   21m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   21m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           55Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              7m           113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             29m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        41m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                60m          18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   21m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   21m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           55Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              7m           113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             29m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        41m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                60m          18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   21m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   21m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           55Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              7m           113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             29m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        41m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                60m          18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   21m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   21m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           55Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              7m           113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             29m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        41m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                60m          18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   21m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   21m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           55Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              7m           113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             29m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        41m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                60m          18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   21m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   21m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           55Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              7m           113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             29m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        41m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                60m          18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   21m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   21m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           55Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              7m           113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             29m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        41m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                60m          18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   21m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   21m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           55Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              7m           113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             29m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        41m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                60m          18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   21m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   21m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           55Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              7m           113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             29m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        41m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                60m          18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   21m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   21m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           55Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              7m           113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             29m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        41m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                60m          18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   21m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   21m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           55Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              7m           113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             29m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        41m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                60m          18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   21m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   21m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           55Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              7m           113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             29m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        41m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                60m          18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   21m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   21m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           55Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              7m           113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             29m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        41m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                60m          18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   21m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   21m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           55Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              7m           113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             29m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        41m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                60m          18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   21m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   21m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           55Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              7m           113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             29m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        41m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                60m          18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   21m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   21m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           55Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              7m           113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             29m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        41m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                60m          18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   21m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   21m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           55Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              7m           113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             29m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        41m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                60m          18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   21m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   21m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           55Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              7m           113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             29m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        41m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                60m          18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   21m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   21m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           55Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              7m           113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             29m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        41m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                60m          18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   21m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   21m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           55Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              7m           113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             29m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        41m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                60m          18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   21m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   21m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           55Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              7m           113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             29m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        41m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                60m          18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   21m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   21m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           55Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              7m           113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             29m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        41m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                60m          18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   21m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   21m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           55Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              7m           113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             29m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        41m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                60m          18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   21m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   21m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           55Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              7m           113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             29m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        41m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                60m          18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   21m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   21m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           55Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              7m           113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             29m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        41m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                60m          18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   21m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   21m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           55Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              7m           113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             29m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        41m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                60m          18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   21m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   21m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           55Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              7m           113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             29m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        41m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                60m          18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   21m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   21m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           55Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              7m           113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             29m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        41m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                60m          18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   21m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   21m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           55Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              7m           113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             29m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        41m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                60m          18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   21m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   21m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           55Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              7m           113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             29m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        41m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                60m          18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   21m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   21m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           55Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              7m           113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             29m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        41m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                60m          18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   21m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   21m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           55Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              7m           113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             29m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        41m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                60m          18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   21m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   21m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           55Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              7m           113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             29m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        41m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                60m          18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   21m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   21m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           55Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              7m           113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             29m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        41m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                60m          18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   21m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   21m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           55Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              7m           113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             29m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        41m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                60m          18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   21m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   21m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           55Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              7m           113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             29m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        41m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                60m          18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   21m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   21m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           55Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              7m           113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             29m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        41m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                60m          18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   21m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   21m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           55Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              7m           113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             29m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        41m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                60m          18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   21m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   21m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           55Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              7m           113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             29m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        41m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                60m          18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   21m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   21m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           55Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              7m           113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             29m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        41m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                60m          18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   21m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   21m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           55Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              7m           113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             29m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        41m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                60m          18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   21m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   21m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           55Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              7m           113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             29m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        41m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                60m          18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   21m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   21m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           55Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              7m           113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             29m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        41m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                60m          18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   21m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   21m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           55Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              7m           113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             29m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        41m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                60m          18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   21m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   21m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           55Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              7m           113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             29m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        41m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                60m          18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   21m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   21m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           55Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              7m           113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             29m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        41m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                60m          18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   21m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   21m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           55Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              7m           113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             29m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        41m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                60m          18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   21m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   21m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           55Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              7m           113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             29m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        41m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                60m          18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   21m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   21m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           55Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              7m           113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             29m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        41m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                60m          18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   21m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   21m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           55Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              7m           113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             29m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        41m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                60m          18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   21m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   21m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           55Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              7m           113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             29m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        41m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                60m          18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   21m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   21m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           55Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              7m           113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             29m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        41m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                60m          18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   21m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   21m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           55Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             61m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        122m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                185m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           55Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             61m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        122m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                185m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           55Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             61m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        122m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                185m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           55Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             61m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        122m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                185m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           55Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             61m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        122m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                185m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           55Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             61m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        122m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                185m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           55Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             61m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        122m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                185m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           55Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             61m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        122m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                185m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           55Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             61m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        122m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                185m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           55Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             61m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        122m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                185m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           55Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             61m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        122m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                185m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           55Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             61m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        122m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                185m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           55Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             61m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        122m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                185m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           55Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             61m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        122m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                185m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           55Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             61m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        122m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                185m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           55Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             61m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        122m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                185m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           55Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             61m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        122m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                185m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           55Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             61m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        122m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                185m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           55Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             61m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        122m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                185m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           55Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             61m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        122m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                185m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           55Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             61m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        122m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                185m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           55Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             61m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        122m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                185m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           55Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             61m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        122m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                185m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           55Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             61m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        122m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                185m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           55Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             61m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        122m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                185m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           55Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             61m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        122m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                185m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           55Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             61m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        122m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                185m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           55Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             61m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        122m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                185m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           55Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             61m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        122m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                185m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           55Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             61m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        122m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                185m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           55Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             61m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        122m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                185m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           55Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             61m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        122m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                185m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           55Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             61m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        122m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                185m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           55Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             61m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        122m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                185m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           55Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             61m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        122m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                185m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           55Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             61m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        122m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                185m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           55Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             61m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        122m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                185m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           55Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             61m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        122m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                185m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           55Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             61m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        122m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                185m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           55Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             61m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        122m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                185m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           55Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             61m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        122m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                185m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           55Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             61m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        122m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                185m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           55Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             61m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        122m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                185m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           55Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             61m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        122m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                185m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           55Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             61m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        122m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                185m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           55Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             61m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        122m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                185m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           55Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             61m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        122m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                185m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           55Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             61m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        122m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                185m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           55Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             61m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        122m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                185m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           55Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             61m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        122m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                185m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           55Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             61m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        122m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                185m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           55Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             61m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        122m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                185m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           55Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             61m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        122m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                185m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           55Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             61m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        122m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                185m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           55Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             61m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        122m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                185m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           55Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             61m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        122m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                185m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           55Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             61m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        122m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                185m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           55Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             74m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                196m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   64m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           55Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             74m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                196m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   64m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           55Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             74m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                196m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   64m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           55Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             74m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                196m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   64m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           55Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             74m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                196m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   64m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           55Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             74m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                196m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   64m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           55Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             74m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                196m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   64m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           55Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             74m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                196m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   64m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           55Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             74m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                196m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   64m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           55Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             74m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                196m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   64m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           55Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             74m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                196m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   64m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           55Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             74m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                196m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   64m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           55Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             74m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                196m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   64m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           55Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             74m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                196m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   64m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           55Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             74m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                196m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   64m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           55Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             74m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                196m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   64m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           55Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             74m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                196m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   64m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           55Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             74m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                196m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   64m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           55Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             74m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                196m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   64m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           55Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             74m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                196m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   64m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           55Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             74m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                196m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   64m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           55Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             74m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                196m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   64m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           55Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             74m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                196m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   64m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           55Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             74m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                196m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   64m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           55Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             74m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                196m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   64m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           55Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             74m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                196m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   64m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           55Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             74m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                196m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   64m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           55Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             74m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                196m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   64m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           55Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             74m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                196m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   64m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           55Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             74m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                196m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   64m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           55Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             74m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                196m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   64m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           55Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             74m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                196m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   64m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           55Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             74m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                196m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   64m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           55Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             74m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                196m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   64m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           55Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             74m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                196m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   64m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           55Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             74m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                196m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   64m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           55Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             74m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                196m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   64m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           55Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             74m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                196m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   64m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           55Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             74m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                196m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   64m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           55Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             74m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                196m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   64m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           55Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             74m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                196m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   64m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           55Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             74m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                196m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   64m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           55Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             74m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                196m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   64m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           55Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             74m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                196m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   64m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           55Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             74m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                196m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   64m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           55Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             74m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                196m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   64m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           55Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             74m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                196m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   64m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           55Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             74m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                196m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   64m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           55Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           9Mi             
