NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           23Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           23Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           23Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           23Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           23Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           23Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           23Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           23Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           23Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           23Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           23Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           23Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           23Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           23Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           23Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           23Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           23Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           23Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           23Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           23Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           23Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           23Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           23Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           23Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           23Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           23Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           23Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           23Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           23Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           23Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           23Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               11m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             36m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         68m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                103m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    36m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   35m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           23Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               11m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             36m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         68m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                103m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    36m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   35m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           23Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               11m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             36m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         68m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                103m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    36m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   35m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           23Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               11m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             36m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         68m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                103m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    36m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   35m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           23Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               11m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             36m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         68m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                103m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    36m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   35m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           23Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               11m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             36m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         68m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                103m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    36m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   35m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           23Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               11m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             36m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         68m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                103m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    36m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   35m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           23Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               11m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             36m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         68m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                103m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    36m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   35m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           23Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               11m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             36m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         68m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                103m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    36m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   35m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           23Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               11m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             36m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         68m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                103m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    36m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   35m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           23Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               11m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             36m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         68m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                103m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    36m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   35m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           23Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               11m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             36m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         68m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                103m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    36m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   35m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           23Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               11m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             36m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         68m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                103m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    36m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   35m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           23Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               11m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             36m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         68m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                103m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    36m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   35m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           23Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               11m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             36m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         68m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                103m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    36m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   35m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           23Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               11m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             36m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         68m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                103m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    36m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   35m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           23Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               11m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             36m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         68m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                103m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    36m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   35m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           23Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               11m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             36m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         68m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                103m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    36m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   35m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           23Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               11m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             36m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         68m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                103m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    36m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   35m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           23Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               11m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             36m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         68m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                103m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    36m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   35m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           23Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               11m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             36m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         68m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                103m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    36m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   35m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           23Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               11m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             36m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         68m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                103m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    36m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   35m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           23Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               11m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             36m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         68m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                103m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    36m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   35m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           23Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               11m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             36m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         68m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                103m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    36m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   35m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           23Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               11m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             36m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         68m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                103m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    36m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   35m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           23Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               11m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             36m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         68m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                103m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    36m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   35m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           23Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               11m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             36m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         68m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                103m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    36m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   35m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           23Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               11m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             36m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         68m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                103m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    36m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   35m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           23Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               11m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             36m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         68m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                103m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    36m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   35m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           23Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               11m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             36m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         68m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                103m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    36m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   35m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           23Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               11m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             36m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         68m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                103m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    36m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   35m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           23Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               11m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             36m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         68m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                103m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    36m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   35m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           23Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               11m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             36m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         68m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                103m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    36m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   35m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           23Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               11m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             36m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         68m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                103m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    36m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   35m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           23Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               11m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             36m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         68m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                103m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    36m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   35m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           23Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               11m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             36m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         68m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                103m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    36m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   35m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           23Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               11m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             36m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         68m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                103m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    36m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   35m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           23Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               11m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             36m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         68m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                103m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    36m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   35m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           23Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               11m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             36m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         68m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                103m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    36m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   35m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           23Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               11m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             36m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         68m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                103m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    36m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   35m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           23Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               11m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             36m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         68m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                103m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    36m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   35m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           23Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               11m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             36m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         68m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                103m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    36m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   35m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           23Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               11m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             36m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         68m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                103m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    36m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   35m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           23Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               11m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             36m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         68m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                103m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    36m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   35m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           23Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               11m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             36m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         68m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                103m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    36m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   35m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           23Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               11m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             36m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         68m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                103m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    36m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   35m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           23Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               11m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             36m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         68m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                103m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    36m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   35m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           23Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               11m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             36m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         68m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                103m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    36m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   35m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           23Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               11m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             36m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         68m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                103m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    36m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   35m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           23Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               11m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             36m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         68m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                103m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    36m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   35m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           23Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               11m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             36m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         68m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                103m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    36m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   35m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           23Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               11m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             36m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         68m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                103m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    36m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   35m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           23Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               11m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             36m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         68m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                103m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    36m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   35m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           23Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               11m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             36m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         68m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                103m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    36m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   35m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           23Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               11m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             36m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         68m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                103m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    36m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   35m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           23Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               11m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             36m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         68m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                103m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    36m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   35m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           23Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               11m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             36m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          5m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         68m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                103m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    36m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   35m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           23Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             69m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         131m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   63m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           23Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             69m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         131m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   63m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           23Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             69m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         131m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   63m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           23Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             69m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         131m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   63m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           23Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             69m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         131m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   63m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           23Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             69m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         131m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   63m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           23Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             69m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         131m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   63m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           23Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             69m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         131m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   63m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           23Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             69m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         131m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   63m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           23Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             69m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         131m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   63m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           23Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             69m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         131m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   63m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           23Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             69m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         131m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   63m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           23Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             69m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         131m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   63m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           23Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             69m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         131m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   63m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           23Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             69m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         131m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   63m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           23Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             69m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         131m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   63m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           23Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             69m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         131m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   63m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           23Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             69m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         131m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   63m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           23Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             69m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         131m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   63m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           23Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             69m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         131m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   63m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           23Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             69m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         131m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   63m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           23Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             69m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         131m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   63m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           23Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             69m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         131m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   63m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           23Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             69m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         131m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   63m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           23Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             69m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         131m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   63m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           23Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             69m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         131m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   63m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           23Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             69m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         131m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   63m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           23Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             69m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         131m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   63m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           23Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             69m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         131m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   63m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           23Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             69m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         131m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   63m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           23Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             69m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         131m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   63m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           23Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             69m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         131m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   63m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           23Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             69m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         131m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   63m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           23Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             69m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         131m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   63m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           23Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             69m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         131m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   63m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           23Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             69m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         131m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   63m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           23Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             69m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         131m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   63m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           23Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             69m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         131m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   63m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           23Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             69m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         131m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   63m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           23Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             69m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         131m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   63m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           23Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             69m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         131m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   63m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           23Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             69m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         131m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   63m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           23Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             69m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         131m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   63m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           23Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             69m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         131m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   63m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           23Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             69m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         131m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   63m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           23Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             69m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         131m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   63m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           23Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             69m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         131m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   63m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           23Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             69m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         131m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   63m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           23Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             69m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         131m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   63m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           23Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             69m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         131m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   63m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           23Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             69m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         131m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   63m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           23Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             69m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         131m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   63m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           23Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             69m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         131m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   63m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           23Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             69m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         131m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   63m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           23Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             69m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         131m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   63m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           23Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             69m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         131m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   63m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           23Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             69m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         131m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   63m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           23Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             83m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                192m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   63m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              10m          32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             83m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                192m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   63m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              10m          32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             83m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                192m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   63m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              10m          32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             83m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                192m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   63m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              10m          32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             83m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                192m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   63m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              10m          32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             83m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                192m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   63m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              10m          32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             83m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                192m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   63m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              10m          32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             83m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                192m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   63m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              10m          32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             83m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                192m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   63m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              10m          32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             83m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                192m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   63m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              10m          32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             83m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                192m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   63m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              10m          32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             83m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                192m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   63m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              10m          32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             83m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                192m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   63m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              10m          32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             83m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                192m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   63m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              10m          32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             83m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                192m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   63m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              10m          32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             83m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                192m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   63m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              10m          32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             83m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                192m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   63m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              10m          32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             83m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                192m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   63m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              10m          32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             83m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                192m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   63m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              10m          32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             83m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                192m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   63m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              10m          32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             83m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                192m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   63m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              10m          32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             83m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                192m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   63m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              10m          32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             83m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                192m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   63m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              10m          32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             83m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                192m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   63m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              10m          32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             83m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                192m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   63m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              10m          32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             83m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                192m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   63m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              10m          32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             83m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                192m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   63m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              10m          32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             83m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                192m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   63m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              10m          32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             83m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                192m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   63m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              10m          32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             83m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                192m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   63m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              10m          32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             83m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                192m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   63m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              10m          32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             83m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                192m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   63m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              10m          32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             83m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                192m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   63m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              10m          32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             83m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                192m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   63m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              10m          32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             83m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          8m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                192m         19Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   63m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              10m          32Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         8m           8Mi             
