NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           45Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           45Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           45Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           45Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           45Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           45Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           45Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           45Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           45Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           45Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           45Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           45Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           45Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           45Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           45Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           45Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           45Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           45Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           45Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           45Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           45Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              8m           113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             30m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        45m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                69m          20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   24m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   26m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           54Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              8m           113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             30m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        45m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                69m          20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   24m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   26m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           54Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              8m           113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             30m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        45m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                69m          20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   24m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   26m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           54Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              8m           113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             30m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        45m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                69m          20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   24m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   26m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           54Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              8m           113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             30m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        45m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                69m          20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   24m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   26m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           54Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              8m           113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             30m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        45m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                69m          20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   24m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   26m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           54Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              8m           113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             30m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        45m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                69m          20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   24m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   26m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           54Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              8m           113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             30m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        45m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                69m          20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   24m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   26m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           54Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              8m           113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             30m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        45m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                69m          20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   24m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   26m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           54Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              8m           113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             30m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        45m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                69m          20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   24m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   26m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           54Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              8m           113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             30m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        45m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                69m          20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   24m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   26m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           54Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              8m           113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             30m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        45m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                69m          20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   24m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   26m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           54Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              8m           113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             30m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        45m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                69m          20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   24m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   26m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           54Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              8m           113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             30m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        45m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                69m          20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   24m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   26m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           54Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              8m           113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             30m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        45m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                69m          20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   24m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   26m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           54Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              8m           113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             30m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        45m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                69m          20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   24m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   26m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           54Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              8m           113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             30m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        45m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                69m          20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   24m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   26m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           54Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              8m           113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             30m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        45m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                69m          20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   24m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   26m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           54Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              8m           113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             30m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        45m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                69m          20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   24m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   26m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           54Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              8m           113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             30m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        45m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                69m          20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   24m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   26m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           54Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              8m           113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             30m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        45m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                69m          20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   24m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   26m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           54Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              8m           113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             30m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        45m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                69m          20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   24m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   26m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           54Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              8m           113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             30m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        45m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                69m          20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   24m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   26m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           54Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              8m           113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             30m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        45m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                69m          20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   24m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   26m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           54Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              8m           113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             30m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        45m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                69m          20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   24m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   26m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           54Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              8m           113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             30m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        45m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                69m          20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   24m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   26m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           54Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              8m           113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             30m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        45m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                69m          20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   24m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   26m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           54Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              8m           113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             30m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        45m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                69m          20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   24m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   26m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           54Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              8m           113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             30m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        45m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                69m          20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   24m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   26m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           54Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              8m           113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             30m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        45m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                69m          20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   24m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   26m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           54Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              8m           113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             30m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        45m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                69m          20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   24m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   26m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           54Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              8m           113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             30m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        45m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                69m          20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   24m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   26m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           54Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              8m           113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             30m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        45m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                69m          20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   24m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   26m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           54Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              8m           113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             30m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        45m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                69m          20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   24m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   26m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           54Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              8m           113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             30m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        45m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                69m          20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   24m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   26m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           54Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              8m           113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             30m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        45m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                69m          20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   24m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   26m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           54Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              8m           113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             30m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        45m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                69m          20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   24m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   26m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           54Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              8m           113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             30m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        45m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                69m          20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   24m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   26m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           54Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              8m           113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             30m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        45m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                69m          20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   24m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   26m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           54Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              8m           113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             30m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        45m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                69m          20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   24m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   26m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           54Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              8m           113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             30m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        45m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                69m          20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   24m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   26m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           54Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              8m           113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             30m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        45m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                69m          20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   24m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   26m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           54Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              8m           113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             30m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        45m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                69m          20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   24m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   26m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           54Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              8m           113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             30m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        45m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                69m          20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   24m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   26m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           54Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              8m           113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             30m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        45m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                69m          20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   24m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   26m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           54Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              8m           113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             30m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        45m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                69m          20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   24m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   26m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           54Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              8m           113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             30m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        45m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                69m          20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   24m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   26m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           54Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              8m           113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             30m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        45m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                69m          20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   24m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   26m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           54Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              8m           113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             30m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        45m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                69m          20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   24m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   26m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           54Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              8m           113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             30m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        45m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                69m          20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   24m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   26m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           54Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              8m           113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             30m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        45m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                69m          20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   24m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   26m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           54Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              8m           113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             30m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        45m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                69m          20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   24m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   26m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           54Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              8m           113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             30m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        45m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                69m          20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   24m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   26m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           54Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              8m           113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             30m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        45m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                69m          20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   24m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   26m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           54Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              8m           113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             30m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        45m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                69m          20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   24m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   26m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           54Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              8m           113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             30m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        45m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                69m          20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   24m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   26m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           54Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              8m           113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             30m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        45m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                69m          20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   24m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   26m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           54Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             79m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        11m          11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        124m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                193m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   75m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             11m          45Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        10m          8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             79m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        11m          11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        124m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                193m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   75m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             11m          45Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        10m          8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             79m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        11m          11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        124m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                193m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   75m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             11m          45Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        10m          8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             79m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        11m          11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        124m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                193m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   75m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             11m          45Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        10m          8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             79m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        11m          11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        124m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                193m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   75m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             11m          45Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        10m          8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             79m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        11m          11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        124m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                193m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   75m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             11m          45Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        10m          8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             79m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        11m          11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        124m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                193m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   75m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             11m          45Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        10m          8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             79m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        11m          11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        124m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                193m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   75m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             11m          45Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        10m          8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             79m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        11m          11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        124m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                193m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   75m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             11m          45Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        10m          8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             79m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        11m          11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        124m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                193m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   75m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             11m          45Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        10m          8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             79m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        11m          11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        124m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                193m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   75m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             11m          45Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        10m          8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             79m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        11m          11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        124m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                193m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   75m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             11m          45Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        10m          8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             79m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        11m          11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        124m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                193m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   75m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             11m          45Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        10m          8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             79m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        11m          11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        124m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                193m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   75m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             11m          45Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        10m          8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             79m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        11m          11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        124m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                193m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   75m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             11m          45Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        10m          8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             79m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        11m          11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        124m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                193m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   75m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             11m          45Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        10m          8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             79m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        11m          11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        124m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                193m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   75m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             11m          45Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        10m          8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             79m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        11m          11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        124m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                193m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   75m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             11m          45Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        10m          8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             79m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        11m          11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        124m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                193m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   75m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             11m          45Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        10m          8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             79m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        11m          11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        124m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                193m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   75m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             11m          45Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        10m          8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             79m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        11m          11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        124m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                193m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   75m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             11m          45Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        10m          8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             79m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        11m          11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        124m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                193m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   75m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             11m          45Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        10m          8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             79m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        11m          11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        124m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                193m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   75m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             11m          45Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        10m          8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             79m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        11m          11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        124m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                193m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   75m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             11m          45Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        10m          8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             79m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        11m          11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        124m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                193m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   75m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             11m          45Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        10m          8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             79m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        11m          11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        124m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                193m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   75m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             11m          45Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        10m          8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             79m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        11m          11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        124m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                193m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   75m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             11m          45Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        10m          8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             79m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        11m          11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        124m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                193m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   75m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             11m          45Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        10m          8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             79m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        11m          11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        124m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                193m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   75m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             11m          45Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        10m          8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             79m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        11m          11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        124m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                193m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   75m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             11m          45Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        10m          8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             79m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        11m          11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        124m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                193m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   75m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             11m          45Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        10m          8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             79m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        11m          11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        124m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                193m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   75m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             11m          45Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        10m          8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             79m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        11m          11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        124m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                193m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   75m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             11m          45Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        10m          8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             79m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        11m          11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        124m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                193m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   75m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             11m          45Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        10m          8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             79m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        11m          11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        124m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                193m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   75m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             11m          45Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        10m          8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             79m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        11m          11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        124m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                193m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   75m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             11m          45Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        10m          8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             79m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        11m          11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        124m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                193m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   75m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             11m          45Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        10m          8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             79m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        11m          11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        124m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                193m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   75m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             11m          45Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        10m          8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             79m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        11m          11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        124m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                193m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   75m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             11m          45Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        10m          8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             79m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        11m          11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        124m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                193m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   75m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             11m          45Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        10m          8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             79m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        11m          11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        124m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                193m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   75m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             11m          45Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        10m          8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             79m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        11m          11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        124m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                193m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   75m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             11m          45Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        10m          8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             79m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        11m          11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        124m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                193m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   75m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             11m          45Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        10m          8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             79m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        11m          11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        124m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                193m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   75m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             11m          45Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        10m          8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             79m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        11m          11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        124m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                193m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   75m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             11m          45Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        10m          8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             79m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        11m          11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        124m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                193m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   75m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             11m          45Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        10m          8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             79m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        11m          11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        124m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                193m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   75m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             11m          45Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        10m          8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             79m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        11m          11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        124m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                193m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   75m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             11m          45Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        10m          8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             79m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        11m          11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        124m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                193m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   75m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             11m          45Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        10m          8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             79m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        11m          11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        124m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                193m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   75m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             11m          45Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        10m          8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             79m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        11m          11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        124m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                193m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   75m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             11m          45Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        10m          8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             79m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        11m          11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        124m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                193m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   75m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             11m          45Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        10m          8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             79m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        11m          11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        124m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                193m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   75m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             11m          45Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        10m          8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             79m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        11m          11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        124m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                193m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   75m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             11m          45Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        10m          8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             79m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        11m          11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        124m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                193m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   75m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             11m          45Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        10m          8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             79m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        11m          11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        124m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                193m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   75m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             11m          45Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        10m          8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             79m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        11m          11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        124m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                193m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   75m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             11m          45Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        10m          8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             79m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                195m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   65m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   75m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           45Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        10m          8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             79m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                195m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   65m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   75m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           45Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        10m          8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             79m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                195m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   65m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   75m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           45Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        10m          8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             79m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                195m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   65m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   75m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           45Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        10m          8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             79m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                195m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   65m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   75m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           45Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        10m          8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             79m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                195m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   65m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   75m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           45Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        10m          8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             79m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                195m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   65m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   75m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           45Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        10m          8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             79m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                195m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   65m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   75m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           45Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        10m          8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             79m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                195m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   65m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   75m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           45Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        10m          8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             79m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                195m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   65m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   75m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           45Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        10m          8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             79m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                195m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   65m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   75m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           45Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        10m          8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             79m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                195m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   65m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   75m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           45Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        10m          8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             79m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                195m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   65m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   75m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           45Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        10m          8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             79m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                195m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   65m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   75m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           45Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        10m          8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             79m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                195m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   65m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   75m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           45Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        10m          8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             79m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                195m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   65m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   75m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           45Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        10m          8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             79m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                195m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   65m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   75m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           45Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        10m          8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             79m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                195m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   65m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   75m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           45Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        10m          8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             79m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                195m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   65m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   75m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           45Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        10m          8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             79m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                195m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   65m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   75m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           45Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        10m          8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             79m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                195m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   65m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   75m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           45Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        10m          8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             79m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                195m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   65m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   75m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           45Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        10m          8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             79m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                195m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   65m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   75m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           45Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        10m          8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             79m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                195m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   65m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   75m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           45Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        10m          8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             79m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                195m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   65m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   75m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           45Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        10m          8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             79m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                195m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   65m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   75m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           45Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        10m          8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             79m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                195m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   65m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   75m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           45Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        10m          8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             79m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                195m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   65m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   75m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           45Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        10m          8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             79m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                195m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   65m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   75m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           45Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        10m          8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             79m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                195m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   65m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   75m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           45Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        10m          8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             79m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                195m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   65m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   75m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           45Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        10m          8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             79m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                195m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   65m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   75m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           45Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        10m          8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             79m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                195m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   65m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   75m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           45Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        10m          8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             79m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                195m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   65m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   75m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           45Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        10m          8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             79m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                195m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   65m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   75m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           45Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        10m          8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             79m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                195m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   65m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   75m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           45Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        10m          8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             79m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                195m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   65m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   75m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           45Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        10m          8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             79m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                195m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   65m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   75m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           45Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        10m          8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             79m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                195m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   65m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   75m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           45Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        10m          8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             79m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                195m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   65m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   75m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           45Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        10m          8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             79m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                195m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   65m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   75m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           45Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        10m          8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             79m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                195m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   65m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   75m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           45Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        10m          8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             79m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                195m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   65m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   75m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           45Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        10m          8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             79m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                195m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   65m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   75m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           45Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        10m          8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          113Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             79m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                195m         21Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   65m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   75m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           45Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        10m          8Mi             
