NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           114Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           114Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           114Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           114Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           114Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           114Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           114Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           114Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           114Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           114Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           114Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           114Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           114Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           114Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           114Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           114Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           114Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           114Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           114Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           114Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           114Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           114Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           114Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           114Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           114Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           114Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           114Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           114Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           114Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           114Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           114Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           114Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           114Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           114Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           114Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           114Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           114Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           114Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           114Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           114Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           114Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           114Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           114Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           114Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           114Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           114Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           114Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           114Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           114Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           114Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               22m          124Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             71m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         95m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                134m         15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    42m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   27m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               22m          124Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             71m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         95m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                134m         15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    42m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   27m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               22m          124Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             71m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         95m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                134m         15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    42m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   27m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               22m          124Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             71m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         95m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                134m         15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    42m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   27m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               22m          124Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             71m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         95m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                134m         15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    42m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   27m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               22m          124Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             71m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         95m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                134m         15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    42m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   27m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               22m          124Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             71m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         95m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                134m         15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    42m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   27m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               22m          124Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             71m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         95m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                134m         15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    42m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   27m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               22m          124Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             71m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         95m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                134m         15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    42m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   27m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               22m          124Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             71m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         95m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                134m         15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    42m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   27m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               22m          124Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             71m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         95m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                134m         15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    42m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   27m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               22m          124Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             71m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         95m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                134m         15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    42m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   27m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               22m          124Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             71m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         95m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                134m         15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    42m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   27m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               22m          124Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             71m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         95m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                134m         15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    42m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   27m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               22m          124Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             71m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         95m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                134m         15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    42m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   27m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               22m          124Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             71m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         95m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                134m         15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    42m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   27m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               22m          124Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             71m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         95m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                134m         15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    42m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   27m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               22m          124Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             71m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         95m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                134m         15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    42m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   27m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               22m          124Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             71m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         95m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                134m         15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    42m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   27m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               22m          124Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             71m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         95m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                134m         15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    42m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   27m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               22m          124Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             71m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         95m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                134m         15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    42m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   27m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               22m          124Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             71m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         95m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                134m         15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    42m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   27m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               22m          124Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             71m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         95m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                134m         15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    42m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   27m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               22m          124Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             71m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         95m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                134m         15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    42m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   27m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               22m          124Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             71m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         95m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                134m         15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    42m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   27m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               22m          124Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             71m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         95m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                134m         15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    42m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   27m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               22m          124Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             71m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         95m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                134m         15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    42m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   27m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               22m          124Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             71m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         95m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                134m         15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    42m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   27m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               22m          124Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             71m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         95m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                134m         15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    42m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   27m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               22m          124Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             71m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         95m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                134m         15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    42m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   27m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               22m          124Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             71m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         95m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                134m         15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    42m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   27m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               22m          124Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             71m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         95m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                134m         15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    42m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   27m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               22m          124Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             71m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         95m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                134m         15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    42m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   27m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               22m          124Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             71m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         95m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                134m         15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    42m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   27m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               22m          124Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             71m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         95m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                134m         15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    42m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   27m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               22m          124Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             71m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         95m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                134m         15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    42m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   27m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               22m          124Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             71m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         95m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                134m         15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    42m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   27m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               22m          124Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             71m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         95m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                134m         15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    42m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   27m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               22m          124Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             71m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         95m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                134m         15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    42m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   27m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               22m          124Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             71m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         95m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                134m         15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    42m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   27m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               22m          124Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             71m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         95m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                134m         15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    42m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   27m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               22m          124Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             71m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         95m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                134m         15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    42m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   27m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               22m          124Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             71m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         95m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                134m         15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    42m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   27m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               22m          124Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             71m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         95m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                134m         15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    42m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   27m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               22m          124Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             71m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         95m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                134m         15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    42m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   27m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               22m          124Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             71m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         95m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                134m         15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    42m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   27m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               22m          124Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             71m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         95m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                134m         15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    42m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   27m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               22m          124Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             71m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         95m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                134m         15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    42m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   27m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               22m          124Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             71m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         95m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                134m         15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    42m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   27m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               22m          124Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             71m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         95m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                134m         15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    42m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   27m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               22m          124Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             71m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         95m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                134m         15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    42m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   27m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               22m          124Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             71m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         95m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                134m         15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    42m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   27m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               22m          124Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             71m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         95m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                134m         15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    42m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   27m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               22m          124Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             71m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         95m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                134m         15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    42m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   27m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               22m          124Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             71m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         95m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                134m         15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    42m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   27m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               22m          124Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             71m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         95m          29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                134m         15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    42m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   27m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               16m          115Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             70m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         109m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                156m         15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    49m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   31m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               16m          115Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             70m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         109m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                156m         15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    49m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   31m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               16m          115Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             70m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         109m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                156m         15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    49m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   31m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               16m          115Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             70m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         109m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                156m         15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    49m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   31m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               16m          115Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             70m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         109m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                156m         15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    49m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   31m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               16m          115Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             70m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         109m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                156m         15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    49m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   31m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               16m          115Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             70m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         109m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                156m         15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    49m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   31m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               16m          115Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             70m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         109m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                156m         15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    49m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   31m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               16m          115Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             70m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         109m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                156m         15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    49m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   31m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               16m          115Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             70m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         109m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                156m         15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    49m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   31m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               16m          115Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             70m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         109m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                156m         15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    49m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   31m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               16m          115Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             70m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         109m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                156m         15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    49m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   31m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               16m          115Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             70m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         109m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                156m         15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    49m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   31m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               16m          115Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             70m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         109m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                156m         15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    49m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   31m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               16m          115Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             70m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         109m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                156m         15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    49m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   31m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               16m          115Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             70m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         109m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                156m         15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    49m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   31m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               16m          115Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             70m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         109m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                156m         15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    49m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   31m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               16m          115Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             70m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         109m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                156m         15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    49m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   31m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               16m          115Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             70m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         109m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                156m         15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    49m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   31m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               16m          115Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             70m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         109m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                156m         15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    49m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   31m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               16m          115Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             70m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         109m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                156m         15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    49m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   31m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               16m          115Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             70m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         109m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                156m         15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    49m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   31m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               16m          115Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             70m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         109m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                156m         15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    49m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   31m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               16m          115Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             70m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         109m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                156m         15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    49m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   31m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               16m          115Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             70m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         109m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                156m         15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    49m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   31m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               16m          115Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             70m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         109m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                156m         15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    49m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   31m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               16m          115Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             70m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         109m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                156m         15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    49m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   31m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               16m          115Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             70m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         109m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                156m         15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    49m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   31m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               16m          115Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             70m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         109m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                156m         15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    49m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   31m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               16m          115Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             70m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         109m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                156m         15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    49m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   31m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               16m          115Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             70m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         109m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                156m         15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    49m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   31m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               16m          115Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             70m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         109m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                156m         15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    49m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   31m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               16m          115Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             70m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         109m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                156m         15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    49m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   31m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               16m          115Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             70m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         109m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                156m         15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    49m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   31m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               16m          115Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             70m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         109m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                156m         15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    49m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   31m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               16m          115Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             70m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         109m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                156m         15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    49m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   31m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               16m          115Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             70m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         109m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                156m         15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    49m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   31m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               16m          115Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             70m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         109m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                156m         15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    49m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   31m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               16m          115Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             70m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         109m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                156m         15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    49m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   31m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               16m          115Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             70m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         109m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                156m         15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    49m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   31m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               16m          115Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             70m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         109m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                156m         15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    49m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   31m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               16m          115Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             70m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         109m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                156m         15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    49m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   31m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               16m          115Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             70m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         109m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                156m         15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    49m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   31m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               16m          115Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             70m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         109m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                156m         15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    49m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   31m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               16m          115Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             70m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         109m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                156m         15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    49m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   31m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               16m          115Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             70m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         109m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                156m         15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    49m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   31m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               16m          115Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             70m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         109m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                156m         15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    49m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   31m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               16m          115Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             70m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         109m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                156m         15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    49m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   31m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               16m          115Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             70m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         109m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                156m         15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    49m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   31m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               16m          115Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             70m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         109m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                156m         15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    49m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   31m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               16m          115Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             70m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         109m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                156m         15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    49m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   31m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               16m          115Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             70m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         109m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                156m         15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    49m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   31m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               16m          115Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             70m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         109m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                156m         15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    49m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   31m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               16m          115Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             70m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         109m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                156m         15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    49m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   31m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               16m          115Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             70m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         109m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                156m         15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    49m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   31m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               16m          115Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             70m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         109m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                156m         15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    49m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   31m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               16m          115Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             70m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         109m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                156m         15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    49m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   31m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               16m          115Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             45m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         109m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                156m         15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    49m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   31m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               16m          115Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             45m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         109m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                156m         15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    49m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   31m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               16m          115Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             45m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         109m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                156m         15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    49m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   31m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               16m          115Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             45m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         109m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                156m         15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    49m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   31m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               16m          115Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             45m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         109m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                156m         15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    49m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   31m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               16m          115Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             45m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         109m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                156m         15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    49m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   31m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               16m          115Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             45m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         109m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                156m         15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    49m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   31m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               16m          115Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             45m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         109m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                156m         15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    49m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   31m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               16m          115Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             45m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         109m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                156m         15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    49m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   31m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               16m          115Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             45m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         109m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                156m         15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    49m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   31m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               16m          115Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             45m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         109m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                156m         15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    49m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   31m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               16m          115Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             45m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         109m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                156m         15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    49m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   31m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               16m          115Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             45m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         109m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                156m         15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    49m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   31m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               16m          115Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             45m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         109m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                156m         15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    49m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   31m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               16m          115Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             45m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         109m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                156m         15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    49m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   31m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               16m          115Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             45m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         109m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                156m         15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    49m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   31m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               16m          115Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             45m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         109m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                156m         15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           19Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    49m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   31m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
