NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           25Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           25Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             4m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        3m           30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                4m           17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   2m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   3m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           25Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             4m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        3m           30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                4m           17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   2m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   3m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           25Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             4m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        3m           30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                4m           17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   2m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   3m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           25Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             4m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        3m           30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                4m           17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   2m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   3m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           25Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             4m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        3m           30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                4m           17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   2m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   3m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           25Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             4m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        3m           30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                4m           17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   2m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   3m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           25Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             4m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        3m           30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                4m           17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   2m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   3m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           25Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             4m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        3m           30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                4m           17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   2m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   3m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           25Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             4m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        3m           30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                4m           17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   2m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   3m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           25Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             4m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        3m           30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                4m           17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   2m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   3m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           25Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             4m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        3m           30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                4m           17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   2m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   3m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           25Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             4m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        3m           30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                4m           17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   2m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   3m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           25Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             4m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        3m           30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                4m           17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   2m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   3m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           25Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             4m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        3m           30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                4m           17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   2m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   3m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           25Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             4m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        3m           30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                4m           17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   2m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   3m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           25Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             4m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        3m           30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                4m           17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   2m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   3m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           25Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             4m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        3m           30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                4m           17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   2m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   3m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           25Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             4m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        3m           30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                4m           17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   2m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   3m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           25Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             4m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        3m           30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                4m           17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   2m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   3m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           25Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             4m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        3m           30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                4m           17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   2m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   3m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           25Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             4m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        3m           30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                4m           17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   2m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   3m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           25Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             4m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        3m           30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                4m           17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   2m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   3m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           25Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             4m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        3m           30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                4m           17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   2m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   3m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           25Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             4m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        3m           30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                4m           17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   2m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   3m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           25Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             4m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        3m           30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                4m           17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   2m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   3m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           25Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             4m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        3m           30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                4m           17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   2m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   3m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           25Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             4m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        3m           30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                4m           17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   2m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   3m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           25Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             4m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        3m           30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                4m           17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   2m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   3m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           25Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             4m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        3m           30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                4m           17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   2m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   3m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           25Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             4m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        3m           30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                4m           17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   2m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   3m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           25Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             4m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        3m           30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                4m           17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   2m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   3m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           25Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             4m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        3m           30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                4m           17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   2m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   3m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           25Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             4m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        3m           30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                4m           17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   2m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   3m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           25Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             4m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        3m           30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                4m           17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   2m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   3m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           25Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             4m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        3m           30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                4m           17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   2m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   3m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           25Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             4m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        3m           30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                4m           17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   2m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   3m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           25Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             4m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        3m           30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                4m           17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   2m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   3m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           25Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             4m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        3m           30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                4m           17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   2m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   3m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           25Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             4m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        3m           30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                4m           17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   2m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   3m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           25Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             4m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        3m           30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                4m           17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   2m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   3m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           25Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             4m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        3m           30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                4m           17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   2m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   3m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           25Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             4m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        3m           30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                4m           17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   2m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   3m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           25Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             4m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        3m           30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                4m           17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   2m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   3m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           25Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             4m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        3m           30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                4m           17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   2m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   3m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           25Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             4m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        3m           30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                4m           17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   2m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   3m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           25Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             4m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        3m           30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                4m           17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   2m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   3m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           25Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             4m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        3m           30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                4m           17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   2m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   3m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           25Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             4m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        3m           30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                4m           17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   2m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   3m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           25Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             4m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        3m           30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                4m           17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   2m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   3m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           25Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             4m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        3m           30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                4m           17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   2m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   3m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           25Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             4m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        3m           30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                4m           17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   2m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   3m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           25Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             4m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        3m           30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                4m           17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   2m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   3m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           25Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             4m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        3m           30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                4m           17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   2m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   3m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           25Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             4m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        3m           30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                4m           17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   2m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   3m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           25Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             4m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        3m           30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                4m           17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   2m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   3m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           25Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             4m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        3m           30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                4m           17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   2m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   3m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           25Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             4m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        3m           30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                4m           17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   2m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   3m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           25Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             81m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        106m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                152m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   48m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   31m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             8m           25Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             81m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        106m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                152m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   48m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   31m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             8m           25Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             81m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        106m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                152m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   48m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   31m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             8m           25Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             81m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        106m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                152m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   48m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   31m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             8m           25Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             81m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        106m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                152m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   48m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   31m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             8m           25Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             81m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        106m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                152m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   48m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   31m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             8m           25Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             81m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        106m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                152m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   48m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   31m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             8m           25Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             81m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        106m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                152m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   48m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   31m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             8m           25Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             81m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        106m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                152m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   48m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   31m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             8m           25Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             81m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        106m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                152m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   48m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   31m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             8m           25Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             81m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        106m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                152m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   48m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   31m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             8m           25Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             81m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        106m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                152m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   48m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   31m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             8m           25Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             81m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        106m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                152m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   48m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   31m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             8m           25Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             81m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        106m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                152m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   48m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   31m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             8m           25Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             81m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        106m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                152m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   48m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   31m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             8m           25Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             81m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        106m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                152m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   48m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   31m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             8m           25Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             81m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        106m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                152m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   48m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   31m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             8m           25Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             81m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        106m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                152m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   48m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   31m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             8m           25Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             81m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        106m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                152m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   48m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   31m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             8m           25Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             81m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        106m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                152m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   48m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   31m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             8m           25Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             81m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        106m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                152m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   48m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   31m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             8m           25Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             81m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        106m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                152m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   48m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   31m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             8m           25Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             81m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        106m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                152m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   48m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   31m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             8m           25Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             81m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        106m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                152m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   48m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   31m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             8m           25Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             81m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        106m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                152m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   48m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   31m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             8m           25Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             81m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        106m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                152m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   48m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   31m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             8m           25Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             81m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        106m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                152m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   48m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   31m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             8m           25Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             81m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        106m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                152m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   48m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   31m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             8m           25Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             81m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        106m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                152m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   48m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   31m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             8m           25Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             81m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        106m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                152m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   48m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   31m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             8m           25Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             81m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        106m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                152m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   48m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   31m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             8m           25Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             81m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        106m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                152m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   48m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   31m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             8m           25Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             81m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        106m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                152m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   48m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   31m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             8m           25Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             81m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        106m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                152m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   48m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   31m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             8m           25Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             81m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        106m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                152m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   48m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   31m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             8m           25Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             81m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        106m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                152m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   48m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   31m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             8m           25Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             81m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        106m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                152m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   48m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   31m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             8m           25Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             81m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        106m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                152m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   48m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   31m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             8m           25Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             81m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        106m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                152m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   48m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   31m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             8m           25Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             81m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        106m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                152m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   48m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   31m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             8m           25Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             81m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        106m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                152m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   48m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   31m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             8m           25Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             81m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        106m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                152m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   48m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   31m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             8m           25Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             81m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        106m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                152m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   48m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   31m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             8m           25Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             81m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        106m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                152m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   48m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   31m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             8m           25Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             81m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        106m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                152m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   48m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   31m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             8m           25Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             81m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        106m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                152m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   48m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   31m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             8m           25Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             81m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        106m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                152m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   48m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   31m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             8m           25Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             81m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        106m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                152m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   48m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   31m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             8m           25Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             81m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        106m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                152m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   48m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   31m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             8m           25Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             81m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        106m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                152m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   48m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   31m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             8m           25Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             81m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        106m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                152m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   48m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   31m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             8m           25Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             81m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        106m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                152m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   48m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   31m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             8m           25Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             81m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        106m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                152m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   48m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   31m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             8m           25Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             81m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        106m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                152m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   48m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   31m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             8m           25Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             81m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        106m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                152m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   48m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   31m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             8m           25Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             81m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        106m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                152m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   48m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   31m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             8m           25Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             81m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        106m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                152m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   48m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   31m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             8m           25Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             77m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        109m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                156m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   49m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   31m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           25Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             77m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        109m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                156m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   49m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   31m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           25Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             77m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        109m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                156m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   49m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   31m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           25Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             77m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        109m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                156m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   49m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   31m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           25Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             77m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        109m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                156m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   49m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   31m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           25Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             77m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        109m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                156m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   49m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   31m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           25Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             77m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        109m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                156m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   49m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   31m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           25Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             77m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        109m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                156m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   49m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   31m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           25Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             77m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        109m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                156m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   49m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   31m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           25Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             77m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        109m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                156m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   49m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   31m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           25Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             77m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        109m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                156m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   49m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   31m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           25Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             77m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        109m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                156m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   49m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   31m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           25Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             77m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        109m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                156m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   49m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   31m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           25Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             77m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        109m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                156m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   49m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   31m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           25Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             77m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        109m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                156m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   49m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   31m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           25Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             77m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        109m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                156m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   49m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   31m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           25Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             77m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        109m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                156m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   49m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   31m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           25Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             77m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        109m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                156m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   49m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   31m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           25Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             77m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        109m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                156m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   49m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   31m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           25Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             77m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        109m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                156m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   49m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   31m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           25Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             77m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        109m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                156m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   49m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   31m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           25Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             77m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        109m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                156m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   49m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   31m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           25Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             77m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        109m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                156m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   49m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   31m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           25Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             77m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        109m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                156m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   49m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   31m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           25Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             77m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        109m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                156m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   49m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   31m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           25Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             77m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        109m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                156m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   49m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   31m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           25Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             77m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        109m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                156m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   49m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   31m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           25Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             77m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        109m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                156m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   49m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   31m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           25Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             77m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        109m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                156m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   49m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   31m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           25Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             77m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        109m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                156m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   49m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   31m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           25Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             77m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        109m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                156m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   49m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   31m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           25Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             77m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        109m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                156m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   49m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   31m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           25Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             77m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        109m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                156m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   49m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   31m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           25Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             77m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        109m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                156m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   49m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   31m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           25Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             77m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        109m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                156m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   49m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   31m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           25Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             77m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        109m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                156m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   49m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   31m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           25Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             77m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        109m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                156m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   49m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   31m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           25Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             77m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        109m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                156m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   49m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   31m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           25Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             77m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        109m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                156m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   49m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   31m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           25Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             77m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        109m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                156m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   49m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   31m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           25Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             77m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        109m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                156m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   49m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   31m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           25Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             77m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        109m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                156m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   49m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   31m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           25Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             77m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        109m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                156m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   49m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   31m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           25Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             77m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        109m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                156m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   49m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   31m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           25Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             77m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        109m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                156m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   49m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   31m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           25Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             77m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        109m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                156m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   49m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   31m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           25Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             77m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        109m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                156m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   49m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   31m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           25Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             77m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        109m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                156m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   49m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   31m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           25Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             77m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        109m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                156m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   49m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   31m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           25Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             77m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        109m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                156m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   49m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   31m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           25Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             77m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        109m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                156m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   49m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   31m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           25Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             77m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        109m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                156m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   49m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   31m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           25Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             77m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        109m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                156m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   49m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   31m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           25Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             77m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        109m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                156m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   49m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   31m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           25Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             77m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        109m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                156m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   49m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   31m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           25Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             77m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        109m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                156m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   49m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   31m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           25Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             77m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        109m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                156m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   49m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   31m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           25Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             47m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        106m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                152m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   48m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   30m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           25Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             47m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        106m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                152m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   48m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   30m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           25Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             47m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        106m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                152m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   48m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   30m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           25Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             47m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        106m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                152m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   48m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   30m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           25Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             47m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        106m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                152m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   48m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   30m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           25Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             47m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        106m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                152m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   48m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   30m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           25Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              13m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             47m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        106m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                152m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   48m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   30m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           25Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
