NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           112Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               2m           112Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           37Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               3m           112Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             4m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         3m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                4m           15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    2m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   3m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               3m           112Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             4m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         3m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                4m           15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    2m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   3m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               3m           112Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             4m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         3m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                4m           15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    2m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   3m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               3m           112Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             4m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         3m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                4m           15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    2m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   3m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               3m           112Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             4m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         3m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                4m           15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    2m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   3m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               3m           112Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             4m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         3m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                4m           15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    2m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   3m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               3m           112Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             4m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         3m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                4m           15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    2m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   3m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               3m           112Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             4m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         3m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                4m           15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    2m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   3m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               3m           112Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             4m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         3m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                4m           15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    2m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   3m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               3m           112Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             4m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         3m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                4m           15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    2m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   3m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               3m           112Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             4m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         3m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                4m           15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    2m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   3m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               3m           112Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             4m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         3m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                4m           15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    2m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   3m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               3m           112Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             4m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         3m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                4m           15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    2m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   3m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               3m           112Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             4m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         3m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                4m           15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    2m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   3m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               3m           112Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             4m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         3m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                4m           15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    2m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   3m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               3m           112Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             4m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         3m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                4m           15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    2m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   3m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               3m           112Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             4m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         3m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                4m           15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    2m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   3m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               3m           112Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             4m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         3m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                4m           15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    2m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   3m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               3m           112Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             4m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         3m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                4m           15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    2m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   3m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               3m           112Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             4m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         3m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                4m           15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    2m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   3m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               3m           112Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             4m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         3m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                4m           15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    2m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   3m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               3m           112Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             4m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         3m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                4m           15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    2m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   3m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               3m           112Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             4m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         3m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                4m           15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    2m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   3m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               3m           112Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             4m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         3m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                4m           15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    2m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   3m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               3m           112Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             4m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         3m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                4m           15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    2m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   3m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               3m           112Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             4m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         3m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                4m           15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    2m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   3m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               3m           112Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             4m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         3m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                4m           15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    2m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   3m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               3m           112Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             4m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         3m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                4m           15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    2m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   3m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               3m           112Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             4m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         3m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                4m           15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    2m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   3m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               3m           112Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             4m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         3m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                4m           15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    2m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   3m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               3m           112Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             4m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         3m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                4m           15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    2m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   3m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               3m           112Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             4m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         3m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                4m           15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    2m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   3m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               3m           112Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             4m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         3m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                4m           15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    2m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   3m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               3m           112Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             4m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         3m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                4m           15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    2m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   3m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               3m           112Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             4m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         3m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                4m           15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    2m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   3m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               3m           112Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             4m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         3m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                4m           15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    2m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   3m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               3m           112Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             4m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         3m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                4m           15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    2m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   3m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               3m           112Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             4m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         3m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                4m           15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    2m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   3m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               3m           112Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             4m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         3m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                4m           15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    2m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   3m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               3m           112Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             4m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         3m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                4m           15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    2m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   3m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               3m           112Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             4m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         3m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                4m           15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    2m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   3m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               3m           112Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             4m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         3m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                4m           15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    2m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   3m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               3m           112Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             4m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         3m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                4m           15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    2m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   3m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               3m           112Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             4m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         3m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                4m           15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    2m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   3m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               3m           112Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             4m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         3m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                4m           15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    2m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   3m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               3m           112Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             4m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         3m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                4m           15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    2m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   3m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               3m           112Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             4m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         3m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                4m           15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    2m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   3m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               3m           112Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             4m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         3m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                4m           15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    2m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   3m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               3m           112Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             4m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         3m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                4m           15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    2m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   3m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               3m           112Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             4m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         3m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                4m           15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    2m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   3m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               3m           112Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             4m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         3m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                4m           15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    2m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   3m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               3m           112Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             4m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         3m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                4m           15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    2m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   3m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               3m           112Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             4m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         3m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                4m           15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    2m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   3m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               3m           112Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             4m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         3m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                4m           15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    2m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   3m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               3m           112Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             4m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         3m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                4m           15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    2m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   3m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               3m           112Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             4m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         3m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                4m           15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    2m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   3m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               3m           112Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             4m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         3m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                4m           15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    2m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   3m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               37m          114Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             71m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         106m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                153m         14Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    48m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   30m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               37m          114Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             71m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         106m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                153m         14Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    48m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   30m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               37m          114Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             71m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         106m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                153m         14Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    48m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   30m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               37m          114Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             71m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         106m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                153m         14Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    48m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   30m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               37m          114Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             71m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         106m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                153m         14Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    48m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   30m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               37m          114Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             71m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         106m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                153m         14Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    48m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   30m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               37m          114Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             71m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         106m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                153m         14Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    48m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   30m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               37m          114Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             71m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         106m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                153m         14Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    48m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   30m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               37m          114Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             71m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         106m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                153m         14Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    48m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   30m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               37m          114Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             71m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         106m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                153m         14Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    48m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   30m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               37m          114Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             71m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         106m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                153m         14Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    48m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   30m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               37m          114Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             71m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         106m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                153m         14Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    48m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   30m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               37m          114Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             71m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         106m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                153m         14Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    48m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   30m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               37m          114Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             71m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         106m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                153m         14Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    48m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   30m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               37m          114Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             71m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         106m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                153m         14Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    48m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   30m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               37m          114Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             71m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         106m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                153m         14Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    48m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   30m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               37m          114Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             71m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         106m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                153m         14Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    48m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   30m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               37m          114Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             71m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         106m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                153m         14Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    48m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   30m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               37m          114Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             71m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         106m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                153m         14Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    48m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   30m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               37m          114Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             71m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         106m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                153m         14Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    48m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   30m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               37m          114Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             71m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         106m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                153m         14Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    48m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   30m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               37m          114Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             71m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         106m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                153m         14Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    48m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   30m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               37m          114Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             71m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         106m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                153m         14Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    48m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   30m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               37m          114Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             71m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         106m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                153m         14Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    48m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   30m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               37m          114Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             71m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         106m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                153m         14Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    48m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   30m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               37m          114Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             71m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         106m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                153m         14Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    48m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   30m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               37m          114Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             71m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         106m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                153m         14Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    48m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   30m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               37m          114Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             71m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         106m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                153m         14Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    48m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   30m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               37m          114Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             71m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         106m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                153m         14Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    48m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   30m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               37m          114Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             71m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         106m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                153m         14Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    48m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   30m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               37m          114Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             71m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         106m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                153m         14Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    48m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   30m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               37m          114Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             71m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         106m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                153m         14Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    48m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   30m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               37m          114Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             71m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         106m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                153m         14Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    48m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   30m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               37m          114Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             71m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         106m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                153m         14Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    48m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   30m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               37m          114Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             71m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         106m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                153m         14Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    48m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   30m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               37m          114Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             71m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         106m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                153m         14Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    48m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   30m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               37m          114Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             71m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         106m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                153m         14Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    48m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   30m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               37m          114Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             71m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         106m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                153m         14Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    48m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   30m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               37m          114Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             71m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         106m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                153m         14Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    48m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   30m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               37m          114Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             71m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         106m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                153m         14Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    48m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   30m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               37m          114Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             71m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         106m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                153m         14Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    48m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   30m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               37m          114Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             71m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         106m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                153m         14Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    48m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   30m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               37m          114Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             71m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         106m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                153m         14Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    48m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   30m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               37m          114Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             71m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         106m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                153m         14Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    48m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   30m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               37m          114Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             71m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         106m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                153m         14Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    48m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   30m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               37m          114Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             71m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         106m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                153m         14Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    48m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   30m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               37m          114Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             71m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         106m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                153m         14Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    48m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   30m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               37m          114Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             71m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         106m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                153m         14Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    48m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   30m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               37m          114Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             71m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         106m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                153m         14Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    48m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   30m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               37m          114Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             71m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         106m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                153m         14Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    48m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   30m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               37m          114Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             71m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         106m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                153m         14Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    48m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   30m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               37m          114Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             71m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         106m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                153m         14Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    48m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   30m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               37m          114Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             71m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         106m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                153m         14Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    48m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   30m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               37m          114Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             71m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         106m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                153m         14Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    48m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   30m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               37m          114Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             71m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         106m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                153m         14Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    48m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   30m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               37m          114Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             71m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         106m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                153m         14Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    48m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   30m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               37m          114Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             71m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         106m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                153m         14Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    48m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   30m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               21m          114Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             71m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         106m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                150m         15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    47m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   30m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               21m          114Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             71m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         106m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                150m         15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    47m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   30m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               21m          114Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             71m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         106m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                150m         15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    47m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   30m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               21m          114Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             71m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         106m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                150m         15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    47m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   30m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               21m          114Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             71m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         106m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                150m         15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    47m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   30m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               21m          114Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             71m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         106m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                150m         15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    47m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   30m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               21m          114Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             71m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         106m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                150m         15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    47m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   30m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               21m          114Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             71m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         106m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                150m         15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    47m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   30m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               21m          114Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             71m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         106m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                150m         15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    47m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   30m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               21m          114Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             71m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         106m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                150m         15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    47m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   30m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               21m          114Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             71m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         106m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                150m         15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    47m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   30m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               21m          114Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             71m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         106m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                150m         15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    47m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   30m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               21m          114Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             71m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         106m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                150m         15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    47m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   30m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               21m          114Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             71m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         106m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                150m         15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    47m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   30m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               21m          114Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             71m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         106m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                150m         15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    47m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   30m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               21m          114Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             71m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         106m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                150m         15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    47m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   30m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               21m          114Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             71m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         106m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                150m         15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    47m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   30m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               21m          114Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             71m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         106m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                150m         15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    47m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   30m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               21m          114Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             71m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         106m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                150m         15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    47m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   30m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               21m          114Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             71m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         106m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                150m         15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    47m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   30m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               21m          114Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             71m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         106m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                150m         15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    47m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   30m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               21m          114Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             71m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         106m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                150m         15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    47m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   30m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               21m          114Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             71m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         106m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                150m         15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    47m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   30m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               21m          114Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             71m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         106m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                150m         15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    47m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   30m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               21m          114Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             71m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         106m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                150m         15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    47m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   30m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               21m          114Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             71m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         106m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                150m         15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    47m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   30m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               21m          114Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             71m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         106m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                150m         15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    47m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   30m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               21m          114Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             71m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         106m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                150m         15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    47m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   30m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               21m          114Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             71m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         106m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                150m         15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    47m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   30m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               21m          114Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             71m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         106m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                150m         15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    47m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   30m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               21m          114Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             71m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         106m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                150m         15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    47m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   30m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               21m          114Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             71m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         106m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                150m         15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    47m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   30m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               21m          114Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             71m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         106m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                150m         15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    47m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   30m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               21m          114Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             71m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         106m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                150m         15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    47m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   30m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               21m          114Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             71m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         106m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                150m         15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    47m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   30m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               21m          114Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             71m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         106m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                150m         15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    47m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   30m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               21m          114Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             71m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         106m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                150m         15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    47m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   30m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               21m          114Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             71m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         106m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                150m         15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    47m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   30m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               21m          114Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             71m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         106m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                150m         15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    47m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   30m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               21m          114Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             71m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         106m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                150m         15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    47m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   30m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               21m          114Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             71m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         106m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                150m         15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    47m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   30m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               21m          114Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             71m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         106m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                150m         15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    47m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   30m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               21m          114Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             71m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         106m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                150m         15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    47m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   30m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               21m          114Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             71m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         106m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                150m         15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    47m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   30m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               21m          114Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             71m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         106m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                150m         15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    47m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   30m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               21m          114Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             71m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         106m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                150m         15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    47m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   30m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               21m          114Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             71m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         106m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                150m         15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    47m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   30m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               21m          114Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             71m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         106m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                150m         15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    47m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   30m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               21m          114Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             71m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         106m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                150m         15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    47m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   30m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               21m          114Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             71m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         106m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                150m         15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    47m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   30m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               21m          114Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             71m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         106m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                150m         15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    47m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   30m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               21m          114Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             71m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         106m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                150m         15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    47m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   30m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               21m          114Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             71m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         106m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                150m         15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    47m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   30m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               21m          114Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             71m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         106m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                150m         15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    47m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   30m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               21m          114Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             71m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         106m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                150m         15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    47m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   30m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               21m          114Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             71m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         106m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                150m         15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    47m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   30m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               21m          114Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             71m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         106m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                150m         15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          2m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    47m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   30m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               22m          114Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             46m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         106m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                152m         15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    48m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   30m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               22m          114Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             46m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         106m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                152m         15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    48m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   30m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               22m          114Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             46m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         106m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                152m         15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    48m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   30m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               22m          114Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             46m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         106m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                152m         15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    48m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   30m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               22m          114Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             46m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         106m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                152m         15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    48m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   30m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               22m          114Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             46m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         106m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                152m         15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    48m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   30m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               22m          114Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             46m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         106m         29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                152m         15Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           18Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    48m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   30m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         4m           8Mi             
