NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           119Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           119Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           119Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           119Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           119Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           119Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           119Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           119Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           119Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           119Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           119Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           119Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           119Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           119Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           119Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           119Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           119Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           119Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           119Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           119Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           119Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           119Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           119Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           119Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           119Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           119Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           119Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           119Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           119Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           119Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           119Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           119Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           119Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           119Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           119Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           119Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           119Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           119Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           119Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           119Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           119Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           119Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           119Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           119Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           119Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           119Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           119Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           119Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           119Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           119Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           119Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           119Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           119Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           119Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           119Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           119Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           119Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             59m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                181m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   50m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             59m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                181m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   50m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             59m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                181m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   50m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             59m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                181m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   50m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             59m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                181m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   50m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             59m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                181m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   50m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             59m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                181m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   50m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             59m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                181m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   50m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             59m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                181m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   50m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             59m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                181m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   50m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             59m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                181m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   50m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             59m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                181m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   50m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             59m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                181m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   50m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             59m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                181m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   50m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             59m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                181m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   50m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             59m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                181m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   50m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             59m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                181m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   50m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             59m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                181m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   50m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             59m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                181m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   50m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             59m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                181m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   50m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             59m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                181m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   50m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             59m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                181m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   50m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             59m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                181m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   50m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             59m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                181m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   50m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             59m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                181m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   50m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             59m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                181m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   50m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             59m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                181m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   50m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             59m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                181m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   50m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             59m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                181m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   50m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             59m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                181m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   50m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             59m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                181m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   50m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             59m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                181m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   50m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             59m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                181m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   50m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             59m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                181m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   50m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             59m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                181m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   50m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             59m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                181m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   50m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             59m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                181m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   50m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             59m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                181m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   50m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             59m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                181m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   50m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             59m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                181m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   50m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             59m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                181m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   50m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             59m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                181m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   50m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             59m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                181m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   50m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             59m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                181m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   50m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             59m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                181m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   50m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             59m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                181m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   50m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             59m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                181m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   50m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             59m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                181m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   50m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             59m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                181m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   50m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             59m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                181m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   50m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             59m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                181m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   50m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             59m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                181m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   50m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             59m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                181m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   50m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             59m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                181m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   50m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             59m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                181m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   50m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             59m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                181m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   50m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               19m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             59m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                181m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   50m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               21m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             68m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         131m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                186m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   52m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               21m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             68m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         131m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                186m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   52m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               21m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             68m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         131m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                186m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   52m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               21m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             68m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         131m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                186m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   52m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               21m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             68m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         131m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                186m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   52m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               21m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             68m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         131m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                186m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   52m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               21m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             68m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         131m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                186m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   52m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               21m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             68m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         131m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                186m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   52m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               21m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             68m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         131m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                186m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   52m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               21m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             68m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         131m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                186m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   52m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               21m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             68m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         131m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                186m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   52m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               21m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             68m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         131m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                186m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   52m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               21m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             68m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         131m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                186m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   52m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               21m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             68m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         131m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                186m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   52m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               21m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             68m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         131m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                186m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   52m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               21m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             68m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         131m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                186m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   52m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               21m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             68m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         131m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                186m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   52m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               21m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             68m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         131m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                186m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   52m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               21m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             68m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         131m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                186m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   52m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               21m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             68m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         131m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                186m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   52m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               21m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             68m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         131m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                186m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   52m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               21m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             68m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         131m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                186m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   52m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               21m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             68m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         131m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                186m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   52m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               21m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             68m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         131m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                186m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   52m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               21m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             68m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         131m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                186m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   52m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               21m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             68m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         131m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                186m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   52m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               21m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             68m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         131m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                186m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   52m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               21m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             68m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         131m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                186m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   52m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               21m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             68m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         131m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                186m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   52m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               21m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             68m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         131m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                186m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   52m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               21m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             68m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         131m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                186m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   52m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               21m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             68m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         131m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                186m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   52m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               21m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             68m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         131m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                186m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   52m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               21m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             68m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         131m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                186m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   52m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               21m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             68m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         131m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                186m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   52m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               21m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             68m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         131m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                186m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   52m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               21m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             68m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         131m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                186m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   52m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               21m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             68m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         131m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                186m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   52m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               21m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             68m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         131m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                186m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   52m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               21m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             68m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         131m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                186m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   52m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               21m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             68m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         131m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                186m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   52m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               21m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             68m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         131m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                186m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   52m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               21m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             68m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         131m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                186m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   52m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               21m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             68m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         131m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                186m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   52m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               21m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             68m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         131m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                186m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   52m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               21m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             68m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         131m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                186m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   52m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               21m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             68m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         131m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                186m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   52m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               21m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             68m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         131m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                186m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   52m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               21m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             68m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         131m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                186m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   52m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               21m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             68m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         131m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                186m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   52m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               21m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             68m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         131m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                186m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   52m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               21m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             68m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         131m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                186m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   52m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               21m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             68m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         131m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                186m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   52m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               21m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             68m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         131m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                186m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   52m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               21m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             68m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         131m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                186m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   52m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               21m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             68m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         131m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                186m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   52m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               21m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             68m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         131m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                186m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   52m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              5m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               20m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             54m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                184m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   52m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               20m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             54m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                184m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   52m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               20m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             54m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                184m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   52m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               20m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             54m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                184m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   52m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               20m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             54m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                184m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   52m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               20m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             54m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                184m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   52m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               20m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             54m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                184m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   52m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               20m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             54m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                184m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   52m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               20m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             54m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                184m         17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   52m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
