NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           22Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           15Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           22Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           15Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           22Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           15Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           22Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           15Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           22Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           15Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           22Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           15Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           22Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           15Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           22Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           15Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           22Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           15Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           22Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           15Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           22Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           15Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           22Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           15Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           22Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           15Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           22Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           15Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           22Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           15Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           22Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           15Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           22Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           15Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           22Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           15Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           22Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           15Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           22Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           15Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           22Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           15Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           22Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           15Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           22Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           15Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           22Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           15Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           22Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           15Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           22Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           15Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           22Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           15Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           22Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           15Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           22Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           15Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           22Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           15Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           22Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           15Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           22Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           15Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           22Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           15Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           22Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           15Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           22Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           15Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           22Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           15Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           22Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           15Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           22Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           15Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           22Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           15Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           22Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           15Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           22Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           15Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           22Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           15Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           22Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           15Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           22Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           15Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           22Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           15Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           22Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           15Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           22Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           15Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           22Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           15Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           22Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           15Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                17m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              67m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         107m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                166m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   55m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           15Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                17m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              67m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         107m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                166m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   55m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           15Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                17m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              67m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         107m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                166m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   55m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           15Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                17m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              67m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         107m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                166m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   55m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           15Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                17m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              67m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         107m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                166m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   55m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           15Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                17m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              67m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         107m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                166m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   55m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           15Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                17m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              67m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         107m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                166m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   55m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           15Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                17m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              67m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         107m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                166m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   55m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           15Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                17m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              67m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         107m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                166m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   55m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           15Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                17m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              67m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         107m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                166m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   55m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           15Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                17m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              67m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         107m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                166m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   55m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           15Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                17m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              67m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         107m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                166m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   55m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           15Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                17m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              67m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         107m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                166m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   55m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           15Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                17m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              67m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         107m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                166m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   55m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           15Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                17m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              67m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         107m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                166m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   55m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           15Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                17m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              67m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         107m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                166m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   55m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           15Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                17m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              67m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         107m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                166m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   55m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           15Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                17m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              67m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         107m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                166m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   55m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           15Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                17m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              67m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         107m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                166m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   55m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           15Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                17m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              67m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         107m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                166m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   55m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           15Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                17m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              67m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         107m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                166m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   55m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           15Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                17m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              67m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         107m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                166m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   55m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           15Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                17m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              67m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         107m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                166m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   55m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           15Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                17m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              67m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         107m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                166m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   55m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           15Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                17m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              67m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         107m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                166m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   55m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           15Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                17m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              67m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         107m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                166m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   55m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           15Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                17m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              67m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         107m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                166m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   55m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           15Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                17m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              67m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         107m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                166m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   55m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           15Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                17m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              67m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         107m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                166m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   55m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           15Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                17m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              67m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         107m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                166m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   55m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           15Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                17m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              67m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         107m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                166m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   55m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           15Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                17m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              67m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         107m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                166m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   55m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           15Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                17m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              67m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         107m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                166m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   55m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           15Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                17m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              67m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         107m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                166m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   55m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           15Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                17m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              67m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         107m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                166m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   55m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           15Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                17m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              67m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         107m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                166m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   55m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           15Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                17m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              67m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         107m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                166m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   55m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           15Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                17m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              67m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         107m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                166m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   55m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           15Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                17m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              67m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         107m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                166m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   55m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           15Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                17m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              67m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         107m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                166m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   55m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           15Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                17m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              67m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         107m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                166m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   55m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           15Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                17m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              67m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         107m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                166m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   55m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           15Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                17m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              67m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         107m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                166m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   55m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           15Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                17m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              67m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         107m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                166m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   55m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           15Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                17m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              67m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         107m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                166m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   55m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           15Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                17m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              67m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         107m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                166m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   55m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           15Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                17m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              67m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         107m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                166m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   55m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           15Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                17m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              67m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         107m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                166m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   55m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           15Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                17m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              67m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         107m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                166m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   55m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           15Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                17m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              67m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         107m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                166m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   55m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           15Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                17m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              67m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         107m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                166m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   55m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           15Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                17m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              67m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         107m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                166m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   55m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           15Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                17m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              67m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         107m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                166m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   55m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           15Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                17m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              67m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         107m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                166m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   55m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           15Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                17m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              67m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         107m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                166m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   55m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           15Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                17m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              67m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         107m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                166m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   55m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           15Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                17m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              67m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         107m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                166m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   55m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           15Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              78m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   74m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              9m           15Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          10m          9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              78m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   74m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              9m           15Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          10m          9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              78m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   74m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              9m           15Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          10m          9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              78m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   74m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              9m           15Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          10m          9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              78m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   74m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              9m           15Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          10m          9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              78m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   74m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              9m           15Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          10m          9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              78m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   74m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              9m           15Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          10m          9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              78m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   74m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              9m           15Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          10m          9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              78m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   74m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              9m           15Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          10m          9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              78m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   74m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              9m           15Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          10m          9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              78m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   74m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              9m           15Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          10m          9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              78m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   74m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              9m           15Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          10m          9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              78m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   74m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              9m           15Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          10m          9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              78m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   74m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              9m           15Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          10m          9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              78m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   74m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              9m           15Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          10m          9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              78m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   74m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              9m           15Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          10m          9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              78m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   74m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              9m           15Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          10m          9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              78m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   74m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              9m           15Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          10m          9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              78m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   74m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              9m           15Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          10m          9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              78m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   74m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              9m           15Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          10m          9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              78m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   74m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              9m           15Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          10m          9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              78m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   74m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              9m           15Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          10m          9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              78m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   74m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              9m           15Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          10m          9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              78m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   74m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              9m           15Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          10m          9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              78m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   74m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              9m           15Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          10m          9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              78m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   74m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              9m           15Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          10m          9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              78m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   74m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              9m           15Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          10m          9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              78m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   74m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              9m           15Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          10m          9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              78m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   74m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              9m           15Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          10m          9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              78m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   74m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              9m           15Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          10m          9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              78m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   74m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              9m           15Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          10m          9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              78m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   74m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              9m           15Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          10m          9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              78m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   74m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              9m           15Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          10m          9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              78m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   74m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              9m           15Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          10m          9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              78m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   74m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              9m           15Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          10m          9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              78m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   74m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              9m           15Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          10m          9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              78m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   74m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              9m           15Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          10m          9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              78m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   74m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              9m           15Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          10m          9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              78m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   74m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              9m           15Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          10m          9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              78m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   74m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              9m           15Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          10m          9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              78m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   74m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              9m           15Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          10m          9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              78m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   74m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              9m           15Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          10m          9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              78m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   74m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              9m           15Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          10m          9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              78m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   74m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              9m           15Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          10m          9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              78m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   74m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              9m           15Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          10m          9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              78m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   74m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              9m           15Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          10m          9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              78m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   74m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              9m           15Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          10m          9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              78m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   74m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              9m           15Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          10m          9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              78m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   74m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              9m           15Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          10m          9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              78m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   74m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              9m           15Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          10m          9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              78m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   74m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              9m           15Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          10m          9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              78m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   74m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              9m           15Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          10m          9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              78m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   74m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              9m           15Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          10m          9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              78m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   74m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              9m           15Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          10m          9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              78m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   74m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              9m           15Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          10m          9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              78m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   74m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              9m           15Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          10m          9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              78m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         127m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   74m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              9m           15Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          10m          9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              65m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         123m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                193m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   72m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           15Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              65m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         123m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                193m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   72m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           15Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              65m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         123m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                193m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   72m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           15Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              65m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         123m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                193m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   72m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           15Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              65m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         123m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                193m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   72m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           15Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              65m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         123m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                193m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   72m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           15Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              65m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         123m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                193m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   72m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           15Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              65m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         123m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                193m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   72m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           15Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              65m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         123m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                193m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   72m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           15Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              65m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         123m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                193m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   72m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           15Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              65m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         123m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                193m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   72m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           15Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              65m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         123m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                193m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   72m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           15Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              65m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         123m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                193m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   72m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           15Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              65m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         123m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                193m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   72m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           15Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              65m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         123m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                193m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   72m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           15Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              65m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         123m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                193m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   72m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           15Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              65m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         123m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                193m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   72m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           15Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           9Mi             
