NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           19Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           19Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           19Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           19Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           19Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           19Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           19Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           19Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           19Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           19Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           19Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           19Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           19Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           19Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           19Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           19Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           19Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           19Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           19Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           19Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           19Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           19Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           19Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           19Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           19Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           19Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           19Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           19Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           19Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           19Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           19Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           19Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           19Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           19Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           19Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           19Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           19Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           19Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           19Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           19Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           19Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           19Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           19Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           19Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               14m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             69m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         120m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 138m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   47m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   36m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               14m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             69m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         120m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 138m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   47m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   36m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               14m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             69m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         120m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 138m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   47m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   36m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               14m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             69m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         120m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 138m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   47m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   36m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               14m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             69m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         120m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 138m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   47m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   36m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               14m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             69m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         120m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 138m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   47m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   36m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               14m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             69m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         120m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 138m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   47m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   36m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               14m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             69m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         120m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 138m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   47m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   36m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               14m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             69m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         120m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 138m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   47m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   36m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               14m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             69m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         120m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 138m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   47m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   36m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               14m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             69m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         120m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 138m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   47m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   36m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               14m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             69m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         120m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 138m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   47m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   36m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               14m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             69m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         120m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 138m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   47m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   36m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               14m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             69m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         120m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 138m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   47m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   36m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               14m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             69m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         120m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 138m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   47m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   36m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               14m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             69m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         120m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 138m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   47m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   36m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               14m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             69m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         120m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 138m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   47m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   36m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               14m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             69m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         120m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 138m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   47m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   36m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               14m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             69m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         120m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 138m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   47m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   36m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               14m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             69m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         120m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 138m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   47m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   36m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               14m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             69m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         120m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 138m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   47m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   36m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               14m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             69m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         120m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 138m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   47m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   36m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               14m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             69m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         120m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 138m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   47m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   36m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               14m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             69m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         120m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 138m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   47m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   36m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               14m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             69m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         120m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 138m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   47m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   36m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               14m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             69m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         120m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 138m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   47m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   36m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               14m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             69m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         120m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 138m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   47m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   36m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               14m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             69m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         120m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 138m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   47m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   36m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               14m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             69m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         120m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 138m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   47m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   36m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               14m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             69m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         120m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 138m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   47m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   36m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               14m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             69m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         120m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 138m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   47m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   36m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               14m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             69m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         120m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 138m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   47m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   36m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               14m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             69m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         120m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 138m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   47m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   36m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               14m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             69m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         120m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 138m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   47m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   36m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               14m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             69m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         120m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 138m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   47m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   36m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               14m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             69m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         120m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 138m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   47m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   36m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               14m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             69m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         120m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 138m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   47m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   36m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               14m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             69m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         120m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 138m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   47m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   36m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               14m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             69m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         120m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 138m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   47m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   36m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               14m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             69m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         120m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 138m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   47m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   36m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               14m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             69m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         120m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 138m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   47m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   36m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               14m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             69m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         120m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 138m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   47m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   36m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               14m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             69m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         120m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 138m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   47m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   36m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               14m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             69m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         120m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 138m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   47m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   36m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               14m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             69m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         120m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 138m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   47m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   36m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               14m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             69m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         120m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 138m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   47m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   36m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               14m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             69m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         120m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 138m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   47m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   36m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               14m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             69m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         120m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 138m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   47m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   36m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               14m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             69m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         120m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 138m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   47m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   36m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               14m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             69m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         120m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 138m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   47m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   36m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               14m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             69m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         120m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 138m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   47m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   36m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               14m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             69m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         120m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 138m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   47m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   36m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               14m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             69m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         120m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 138m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   47m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   36m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               14m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             69m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         120m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 138m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   47m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   36m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               14m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             69m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         120m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 138m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   47m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   36m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               14m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             69m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         120m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 138m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   47m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   36m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               14m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             69m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         120m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 138m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   47m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   36m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               20m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             99m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         148m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 196m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   53m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               20m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             99m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         148m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 196m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   53m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               20m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             99m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         148m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 196m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   53m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               20m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             99m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         148m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 196m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   53m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               20m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             99m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         148m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 196m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   53m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               20m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             99m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         148m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 196m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   53m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               20m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             99m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         148m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 196m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   53m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               20m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             99m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         148m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 196m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   53m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               20m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             99m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         148m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 196m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   53m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               20m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             99m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         148m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 196m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   53m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               20m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             99m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         148m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 196m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   53m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               20m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             99m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         148m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 196m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   53m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               20m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             99m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         148m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 196m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   53m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               20m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             99m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         148m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 196m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   53m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               20m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             99m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         148m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 196m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   53m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               20m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             99m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         148m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 196m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   53m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               20m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             99m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         148m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 196m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   53m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               20m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             99m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         148m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 196m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   53m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               20m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             99m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         148m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 196m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   53m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               20m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             99m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         148m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 196m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   53m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               20m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             99m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         148m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 196m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   53m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               20m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             99m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         148m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 196m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   53m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               20m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             99m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         148m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 196m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   53m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               20m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             99m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         148m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 196m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   53m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               20m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             99m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         148m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 196m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   53m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               20m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             99m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         148m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 196m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   53m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               20m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             99m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         148m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 196m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   53m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               20m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             99m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         148m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 196m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   53m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               20m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             99m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         148m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 196m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   53m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               20m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             99m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         148m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 196m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   53m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               20m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             99m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         148m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 196m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   53m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               20m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             99m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         148m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 196m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   53m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               20m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             99m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         148m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 196m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   53m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               20m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             99m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         148m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 196m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   53m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               20m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             99m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         148m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 196m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   53m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               20m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             99m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         148m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 196m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   53m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               20m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             99m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         148m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 196m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   53m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               20m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             99m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         148m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 196m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   53m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               20m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             99m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         148m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 196m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   53m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               20m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             99m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         148m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 196m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   53m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               20m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             99m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         148m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 196m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   53m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               20m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             99m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         148m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 196m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   53m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               20m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             99m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         148m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 196m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   53m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               20m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             99m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         148m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 196m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   53m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               20m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             99m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         148m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 196m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   53m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               20m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             99m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         148m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 196m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   53m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               20m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             99m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         148m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 196m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   53m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               20m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             99m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         148m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 196m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   53m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               20m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             99m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         148m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 196m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   53m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               20m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             99m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         148m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 196m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   53m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               20m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             99m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         148m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 196m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   53m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               20m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             99m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         148m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 196m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   53m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               20m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             99m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         148m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 196m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   53m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               20m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             99m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         148m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 196m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   53m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               20m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             99m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         148m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 196m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   53m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               20m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             99m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         148m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 196m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   53m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               20m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             99m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         148m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 196m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   53m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             98m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         146m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   52m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             98m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         146m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   52m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             98m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         146m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   52m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             98m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         146m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   52m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             98m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         146m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   52m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             98m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         146m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   52m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             98m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         146m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   52m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             98m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         146m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   52m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             98m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         146m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   52m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             98m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         146m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   52m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             98m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         146m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   52m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             98m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         146m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   52m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             98m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         146m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   52m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             98m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         146m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   52m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             98m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         146m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   52m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             98m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         146m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   52m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             98m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         146m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   52m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             98m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         146m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   52m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             98m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         146m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   52m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             98m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         146m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   52m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             98m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         146m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   52m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          102Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             98m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         146m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   52m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           8Mi             
