NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           100Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           100Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           100Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           100Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           100Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              3m           101Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             10m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        10m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                14m          16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   5m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   5m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              3m           101Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             10m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        10m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                14m          16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   5m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   5m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              3m           101Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             10m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        10m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                14m          16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   5m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   5m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              3m           101Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             10m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        10m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                14m          16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   5m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   5m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              3m           101Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             10m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        10m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                14m          16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   5m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   5m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              3m           101Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             10m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        10m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                14m          16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   5m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   5m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              3m           101Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             10m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        10m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                14m          16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   5m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   5m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              3m           101Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             10m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        10m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                14m          16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   5m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   5m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              3m           101Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             10m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        10m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                14m          16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   5m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   5m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              3m           101Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             10m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        10m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                14m          16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   5m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   5m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              3m           101Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             10m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        10m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                14m          16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   5m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   5m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              3m           101Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             10m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        10m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                14m          16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   5m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   5m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              3m           101Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             10m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        10m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                14m          16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   5m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   5m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              3m           101Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             10m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        10m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                14m          16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   5m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   5m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              3m           101Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             10m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        10m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                14m          16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   5m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   5m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              3m           101Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             10m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        10m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                14m          16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   5m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   5m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              3m           101Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             10m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        10m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                14m          16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   5m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   5m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              3m           101Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             10m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        10m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                14m          16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   5m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   5m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              3m           101Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             10m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        10m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                14m          16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   5m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   5m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              3m           101Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             10m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        10m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                14m          16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   5m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   5m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              3m           101Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             10m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        10m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                14m          16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   5m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   5m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              3m           101Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             10m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        10m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                14m          16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   5m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   5m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              3m           101Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             10m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        10m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                14m          16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   5m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   5m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              3m           101Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             10m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        10m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                14m          16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   5m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   5m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              3m           101Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             10m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        10m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                14m          16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   5m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   5m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              3m           101Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             10m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        10m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                14m          16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   5m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   5m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              3m           101Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             10m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        10m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                14m          16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   5m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   5m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              3m           101Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             10m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        10m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                14m          16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   5m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   5m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              3m           101Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             10m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        10m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                14m          16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   5m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   5m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              3m           101Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             10m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        10m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                14m          16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   5m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   5m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              3m           101Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             10m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        10m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                14m          16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   5m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   5m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              3m           101Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             10m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        10m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                14m          16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   5m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   5m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              3m           101Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             10m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        10m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                14m          16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   5m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   5m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              3m           101Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             10m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        10m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                14m          16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   5m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   5m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              3m           101Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             10m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        10m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                14m          16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   5m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   5m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              3m           101Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             10m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        10m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                14m          16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   5m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   5m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              3m           101Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             10m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        10m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                14m          16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   5m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   5m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              3m           101Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             10m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        10m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                14m          16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   5m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   5m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              3m           101Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             10m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        10m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                14m          16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   5m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   5m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              3m           101Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             10m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        10m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                14m          16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   5m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   5m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              3m           101Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             10m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        10m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                14m          16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   5m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   5m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              3m           101Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             10m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        10m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                14m          16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   5m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   5m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              3m           101Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             10m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        10m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                14m          16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   5m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   5m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              3m           101Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             10m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        10m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                14m          16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   5m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   5m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              3m           101Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             10m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        10m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                14m          16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   5m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   5m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              3m           101Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             10m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        10m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                14m          16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   5m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   5m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              3m           101Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             10m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        10m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                14m          16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   5m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   5m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              3m           101Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             10m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        10m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                14m          16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   5m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   5m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              3m           101Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             10m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        10m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                14m          16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   5m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   5m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              3m           101Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             10m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        10m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                14m          16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   5m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   5m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              3m           101Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             10m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        10m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                14m          16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   5m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   5m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              3m           101Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             10m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        10m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                14m          16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   5m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   5m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              3m           101Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             10m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        10m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                14m          16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   5m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   5m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              3m           101Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             10m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        10m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                14m          16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   5m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   5m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              3m           101Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             10m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        10m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                14m          16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   5m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   5m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              3m           101Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             10m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        10m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                14m          16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   5m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   5m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              3m           101Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             10m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        10m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                14m          16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   5m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   5m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          101Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             109m         36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        132m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                195m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   49m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          101Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             109m         36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        132m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                195m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   49m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          101Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             109m         36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        132m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                195m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   49m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          101Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             109m         36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        132m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                195m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   49m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          101Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             109m         36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        132m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                195m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   49m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          101Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             109m         36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        132m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                195m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   49m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          101Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             109m         36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        132m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                195m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   49m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          101Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             109m         36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        132m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                195m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   49m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          101Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             109m         36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        132m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                195m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   49m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          101Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             109m         36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        132m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                195m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   49m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          101Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             109m         36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        132m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                195m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   49m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          101Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             109m         36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        132m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                195m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   49m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          101Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             109m         36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        132m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                195m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   49m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          101Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             109m         36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        132m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                195m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   49m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          101Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             109m         36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        132m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                195m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   49m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          101Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             109m         36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        132m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                195m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   49m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          101Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             109m         36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        132m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                195m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   49m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          101Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             109m         36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        132m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                195m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   49m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          101Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             109m         36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        132m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                195m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   49m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          101Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             109m         36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        132m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                195m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   49m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          101Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             109m         36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        132m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                195m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   49m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          101Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             109m         36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        132m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                195m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   49m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          101Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             109m         36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        132m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                195m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   49m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          101Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             109m         36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        132m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                195m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   49m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          101Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             109m         36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        132m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                195m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   49m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          101Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             109m         36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        132m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                195m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   49m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          101Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             109m         36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        132m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                195m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   49m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          101Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             109m         36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        132m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                195m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   49m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          101Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             109m         36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        132m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                195m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   49m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          101Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             109m         36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        132m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                195m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   49m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          101Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             109m         36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        132m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                195m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   49m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          101Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             109m         36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        132m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                195m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   49m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          101Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             109m         36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        132m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                195m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   49m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          101Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             109m         36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        132m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                195m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   49m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          101Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             109m         36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        132m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                195m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   49m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          101Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             109m         36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        132m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                195m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   49m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          101Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             109m         36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        132m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                195m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   49m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          101Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             109m         36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        132m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                195m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   49m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          101Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             109m         36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        132m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                195m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   49m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          101Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             109m         36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        132m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                195m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   49m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          101Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             109m         36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        132m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                195m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   49m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          101Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             109m         36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        132m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                195m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   49m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          101Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             109m         36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        132m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                195m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   49m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          101Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             109m         36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        132m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                195m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   49m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          101Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             109m         36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        132m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                195m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   49m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          101Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             109m         36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        132m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                195m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   49m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          101Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             109m         36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        132m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                195m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   49m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          101Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             109m         36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        132m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                195m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   49m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          101Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             109m         36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        132m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                195m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   49m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          101Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             109m         36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        132m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                195m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   49m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          101Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             109m         36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        132m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                195m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   49m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          101Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             109m         36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        132m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                195m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   49m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          101Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             109m         36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        132m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                195m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   49m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          101Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             109m         36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        132m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                195m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   49m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          101Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             109m         36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        132m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                195m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   49m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          101Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             109m         36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        132m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                195m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   49m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          101Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             109m         36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        132m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                195m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   49m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          101Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             85m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                193m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   49m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          101Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             85m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                193m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   49m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          101Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             85m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                193m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   49m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          101Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             85m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                193m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   49m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          101Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             85m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                193m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   49m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          101Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             85m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                193m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   49m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          101Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             85m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                193m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   49m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          101Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             85m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                193m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   49m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          101Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             85m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                193m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   49m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          101Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             85m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                193m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   49m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          101Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             85m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                193m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   49m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          101Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             85m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                193m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   49m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          101Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             85m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                193m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   49m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          101Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             85m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                193m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   49m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          101Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             85m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                193m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   49m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          101Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             85m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                193m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   49m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          101Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             85m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                193m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   49m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          101Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             85m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                193m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   49m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          101Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             85m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                193m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   49m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          101Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             85m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                193m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   49m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          101Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             85m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                193m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   49m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          101Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             85m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                193m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   49m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          101Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             85m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                193m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   49m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          101Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             85m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                193m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   49m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          101Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             85m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                193m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   49m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          101Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             85m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                193m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   49m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          101Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             85m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                193m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   49m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          101Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             85m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                193m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   49m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          101Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             85m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                193m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   49m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          101Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             85m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                193m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   49m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          101Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             85m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                193m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   49m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          101Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             85m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                193m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   49m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          101Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             85m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                193m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   49m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          101Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             85m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                193m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   49m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          101Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             85m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                193m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   49m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          101Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             85m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                193m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   49m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          101Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             85m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                193m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   49m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          101Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             85m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                193m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   49m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          101Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             85m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                193m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   49m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          101Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             85m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                193m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   49m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          101Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             85m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                193m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   49m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          101Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             85m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                193m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   49m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          101Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             85m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                193m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   49m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          101Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             85m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                193m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   49m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          101Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             85m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                193m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   49m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          101Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             85m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                193m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   49m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          101Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             85m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                193m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   49m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          101Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             85m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                193m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   49m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          101Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             85m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                193m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   49m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          101Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             85m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                193m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   49m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          101Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             85m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                193m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   49m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          101Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             85m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                193m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   49m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          101Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             85m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                193m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   49m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          101Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             85m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                193m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   49m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          101Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             85m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                193m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   49m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          101Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             85m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                193m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   49m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          101Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             85m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                193m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   49m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              15m          101Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             71m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        118m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                174m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   44m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              15m          101Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             71m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        118m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                174m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   44m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              15m          101Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             71m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        118m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                174m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   44m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              15m          101Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             71m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        118m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                174m         16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   44m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
