NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           100Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           100Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           100Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           100Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           100Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           100Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           100Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           100Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           100Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           100Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           100Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           100Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           100Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           100Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           100Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           100Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           100Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           100Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           100Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           100Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           100Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           100Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           100Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           100Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           100Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           100Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           100Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           100Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           100Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           100Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           100Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           100Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           100Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           100Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           100Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             2m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               10m          100Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             68m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         83m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 116m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   41m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   29m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               10m          100Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             68m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         83m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 116m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   41m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   29m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               10m          100Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             68m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         83m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 116m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   41m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   29m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               10m          100Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             68m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         83m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 116m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   41m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   29m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               10m          100Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             68m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         83m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 116m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   41m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   29m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               10m          100Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             68m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         83m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 116m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   41m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   29m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               10m          100Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             68m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         83m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 116m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   41m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   29m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               10m          100Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             68m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         83m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 116m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   41m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   29m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               10m          100Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             68m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         83m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 116m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   41m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   29m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               10m          100Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             68m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         83m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 116m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   41m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   29m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               10m          100Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             68m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         83m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 116m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   41m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   29m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               10m          100Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             68m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         83m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 116m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   41m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   29m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               10m          100Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             68m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         83m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 116m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   41m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   29m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               10m          100Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             68m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         83m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 116m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   41m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   29m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               10m          100Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             68m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         83m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 116m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   41m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   29m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               10m          100Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             68m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         83m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 116m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   41m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   29m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               10m          100Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             68m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         83m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 116m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   41m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   29m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               10m          100Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             68m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         83m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 116m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   41m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   29m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               10m          100Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             68m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         83m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 116m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   41m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   29m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               10m          100Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             68m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         83m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 116m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   41m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   29m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               10m          100Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             68m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         83m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 116m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   41m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   29m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               10m          100Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             68m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         83m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 116m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   41m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   29m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               10m          100Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             68m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         83m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 116m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   41m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   29m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               10m          100Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             68m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         83m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 116m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   41m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   29m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               10m          100Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             68m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         83m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 116m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   41m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   29m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               10m          100Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             68m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         83m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 116m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   41m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   29m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               10m          100Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             68m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         83m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 116m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   41m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   29m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               10m          100Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             68m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         83m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 116m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   41m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   29m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               10m          100Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             68m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         83m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 116m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   41m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   29m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               10m          100Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             68m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         83m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 116m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   41m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   29m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               10m          100Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             68m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         83m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 116m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   41m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   29m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               10m          100Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             68m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         83m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 116m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   41m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   29m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               10m          100Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             68m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         83m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 116m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   41m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   29m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               10m          100Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             68m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         83m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 116m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   41m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   29m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               10m          100Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             68m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         83m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 116m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   41m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   29m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               10m          100Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             68m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         83m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 116m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   41m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   29m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               10m          100Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             68m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         83m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 116m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   41m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   29m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               10m          100Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             68m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         83m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 116m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   41m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   29m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               10m          100Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             68m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         83m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 116m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   41m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   29m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               10m          100Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             68m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         83m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 116m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   41m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   29m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               10m          100Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             68m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         83m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 116m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   41m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   29m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               10m          100Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             68m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         83m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 116m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   41m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   29m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               10m          100Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             68m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         83m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 116m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   41m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   29m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               10m          100Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             68m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         83m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 116m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   41m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   29m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               10m          100Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             68m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         83m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 116m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   41m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   29m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               10m          100Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             68m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         83m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 116m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   41m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   29m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               10m          100Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             68m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         83m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 116m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   41m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   29m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               10m          100Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             68m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         83m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 116m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   41m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   29m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               10m          100Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             68m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         83m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 116m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   41m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   29m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               10m          100Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             68m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         83m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 116m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   41m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   29m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               10m          100Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             68m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         83m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 116m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   41m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   29m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               10m          100Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             68m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         83m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 116m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   41m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   29m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               10m          100Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             68m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         83m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 116m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   41m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   29m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               10m          100Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             68m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         83m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 116m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   41m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   29m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               10m          100Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             68m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         83m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 116m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   41m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   29m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               10m          100Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             68m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         83m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 116m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   41m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   29m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               10m          100Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             68m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         83m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 116m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   41m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   29m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           3Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               16m          100Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             75m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         133m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 186m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   47m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               16m          100Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             75m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         133m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 186m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   47m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               16m          100Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             75m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         133m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 186m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   47m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               16m          100Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             75m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         133m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 186m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   47m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               16m          100Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             75m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         133m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 186m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   47m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               16m          100Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             75m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         133m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 186m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   47m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               16m          100Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             75m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         133m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 186m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   47m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               16m          100Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             75m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         133m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 186m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   47m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               16m          100Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             75m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         133m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 186m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   47m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               16m          100Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             75m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         133m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 186m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   47m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               16m          100Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             75m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         133m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 186m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   47m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               16m          100Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             75m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         133m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 186m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   47m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               16m          100Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             75m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         133m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 186m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   47m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               16m          100Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             75m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         133m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 186m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   47m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               16m          100Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             75m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         133m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 186m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   47m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               16m          100Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             75m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         133m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 186m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   47m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               16m          100Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             75m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         133m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 186m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   47m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               16m          100Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             75m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         133m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 186m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   47m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               16m          100Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             75m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         133m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 186m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   47m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               16m          100Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             75m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         133m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 186m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   47m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               16m          100Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             75m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         133m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 186m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   47m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               16m          100Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             75m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         133m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 186m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   47m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               16m          100Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             75m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         133m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 186m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   47m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               16m          100Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             75m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         133m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 186m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   47m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               16m          100Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             75m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         133m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 186m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   47m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               16m          100Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             75m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         133m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 186m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   47m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               16m          100Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             75m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         133m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 186m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   47m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               16m          100Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             75m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         133m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 186m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   47m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               16m          100Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             75m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         133m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 186m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   47m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               16m          100Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             75m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         133m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 186m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   47m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               16m          100Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             75m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         133m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 186m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   47m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               16m          100Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             75m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         133m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 186m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   47m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               16m          100Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             75m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         133m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 186m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   47m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               16m          100Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             75m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         133m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 186m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   47m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               16m          100Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             75m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         133m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 186m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   47m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               16m          100Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             75m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         133m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 186m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   47m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               16m          100Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             75m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         133m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 186m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   47m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               16m          100Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             75m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         133m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 186m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   47m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               16m          100Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             75m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         133m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 186m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   47m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               16m          100Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             75m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         133m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 186m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   47m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               16m          100Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             75m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         133m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 186m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   47m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               16m          100Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             75m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         133m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 186m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   47m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               16m          100Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             75m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         133m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 186m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   47m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               16m          100Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             75m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         133m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 186m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   47m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               16m          100Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             75m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         133m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 186m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   47m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               16m          100Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             75m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         133m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 186m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   47m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               16m          100Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             75m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         133m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 186m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   47m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               16m          100Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             75m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         133m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 186m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   47m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               16m          100Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             75m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         133m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 186m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   47m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               16m          100Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             75m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         133m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 186m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   47m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               16m          100Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             75m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         133m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 186m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   47m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               16m          100Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             75m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         133m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 186m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   47m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               16m          100Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             75m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         133m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 186m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   47m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               16m          100Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             75m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         133m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 186m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   47m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               16m          100Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             75m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         133m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 186m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   47m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               16m          100Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             75m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         133m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 186m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   47m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         7m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               16m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             76m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         132m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 185m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   66m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   46m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               16m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             76m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         132m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 185m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   66m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   46m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               16m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             76m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         132m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 185m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   66m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   46m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               16m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             76m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         132m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 185m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   66m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   46m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               16m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             76m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         132m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 185m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   66m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   46m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               16m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             76m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         132m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 185m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   66m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   46m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               16m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             76m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         132m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 185m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   66m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   46m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               16m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             76m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         132m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 185m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   66m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   46m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               16m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             76m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         132m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 185m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   66m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   46m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               16m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             76m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         132m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 185m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   66m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   46m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               16m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             76m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         132m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 185m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   66m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   46m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               16m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             76m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         132m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 185m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   66m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   46m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               16m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             76m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         132m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 185m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   66m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   46m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               16m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             76m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         132m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 185m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   66m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   46m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               16m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             76m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         132m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 185m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   66m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   46m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               16m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             76m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         132m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 185m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   66m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   46m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               16m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             76m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         132m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 185m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   66m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   46m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               16m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             76m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         132m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 185m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   66m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   46m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               16m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             76m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         132m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 185m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   66m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   46m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               16m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             76m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         132m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 185m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   66m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   46m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               16m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             76m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         132m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 185m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   66m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   46m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               16m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             76m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         132m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 185m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   66m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   46m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               16m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             76m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         132m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 185m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   66m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   46m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               16m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             76m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         132m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 185m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   66m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   46m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               16m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             76m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         132m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 185m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   66m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   46m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               16m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             76m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         132m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 185m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   66m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   46m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               16m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             76m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         132m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 185m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   66m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   46m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               16m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             76m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         132m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 185m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   66m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   46m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               16m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             76m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         132m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 185m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   66m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   46m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               16m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             76m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         132m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 185m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   66m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   46m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               16m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             76m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         132m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 185m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   66m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   46m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               16m          101Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             76m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         132m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 185m         16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   66m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   46m          40Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           8Mi             
