NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           100Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           100Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           100Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           100Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           100Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           100Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           100Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           100Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           100Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           100Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           100Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           100Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           100Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           100Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           100Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           100Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           100Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           100Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           100Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           100Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           100Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           100Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           100Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           100Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              8m           100Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             48m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        55m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                81m          16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   29m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   21m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              8m           100Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             48m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        55m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                81m          16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   29m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   21m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              8m           100Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             48m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        55m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                81m          16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   29m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   21m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              8m           100Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             48m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        55m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                81m          16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   29m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   21m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              8m           100Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             48m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        55m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                81m          16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   29m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   21m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              8m           100Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             48m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        55m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                81m          16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   29m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   21m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              8m           100Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             48m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        55m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                81m          16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   29m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   21m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              8m           100Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             48m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        55m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                81m          16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   29m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   21m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              8m           100Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             48m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        55m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                81m          16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   29m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   21m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              8m           100Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             48m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        55m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                81m          16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   29m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   21m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              8m           100Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             48m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        55m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                81m          16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   29m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   21m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              8m           100Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             48m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        55m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                81m          16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   29m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   21m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              8m           100Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             48m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        55m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                81m          16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   29m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   21m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              8m           100Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             48m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        55m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                81m          16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   29m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   21m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              8m           100Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             48m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        55m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                81m          16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   29m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   21m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              8m           100Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             48m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        55m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                81m          16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   29m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   21m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              8m           100Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             48m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        55m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                81m          16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   29m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   21m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              8m           100Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             48m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        55m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                81m          16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   29m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   21m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              8m           100Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             48m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        55m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                81m          16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   29m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   21m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              8m           100Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             48m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        55m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                81m          16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   29m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   21m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              8m           100Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             48m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        55m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                81m          16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   29m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   21m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              8m           100Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             48m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        55m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                81m          16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   29m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   21m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              8m           100Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             48m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        55m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                81m          16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   29m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   21m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              8m           100Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             48m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        55m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                81m          16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   29m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   21m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              8m           100Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             48m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        55m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                81m          16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   29m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   21m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              8m           100Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             48m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        55m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                81m          16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   29m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   21m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              8m           100Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             48m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        55m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                81m          16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   29m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   21m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              8m           100Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             48m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        55m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                81m          16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   29m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   21m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              8m           100Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             48m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        55m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                81m          16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   29m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   21m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              8m           100Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             48m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        55m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                81m          16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   29m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   21m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              8m           100Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             48m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        55m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                81m          16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   29m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   21m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              8m           100Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             48m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        55m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                81m          16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   29m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   21m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              8m           100Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             48m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        55m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                81m          16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   29m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   21m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              8m           100Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             48m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        55m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                81m          16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   29m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   21m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              8m           100Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             48m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        55m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                81m          16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   29m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   21m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              8m           100Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             48m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        55m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                81m          16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   29m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   21m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              8m           100Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             48m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        55m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                81m          16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   29m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   21m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              8m           100Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             48m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        55m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                81m          16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   29m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   21m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              8m           100Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             48m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        55m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                81m          16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   29m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   21m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              8m           100Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             48m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        55m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                81m          16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   29m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   21m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              8m           100Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             48m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        55m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                81m          16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   29m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   21m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              8m           100Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             48m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        55m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                81m          16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   29m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   21m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              8m           100Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             48m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        55m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                81m          16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   29m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   21m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              8m           100Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             48m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        55m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                81m          16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   29m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   21m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              8m           100Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             48m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        55m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                81m          16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   29m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   21m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              8m           100Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             48m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        55m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                81m          16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   29m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   21m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              8m           100Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             48m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        55m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                81m          16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   29m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   21m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              8m           100Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             48m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        55m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                81m          16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   29m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   21m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              8m           100Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             48m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        55m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                81m          16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   29m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   21m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              8m           100Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             48m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        55m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                81m          16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   29m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   21m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              8m           100Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             48m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        55m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                81m          16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   29m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   21m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              8m           100Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             48m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        55m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                81m          16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   29m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   21m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              8m           100Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             48m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        55m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                81m          16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   29m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   21m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              8m           100Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             48m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        55m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                81m          16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   29m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   21m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              8m           100Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             48m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        55m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                81m          16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   29m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   21m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              8m           100Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             48m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        55m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                81m          16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   29m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   21m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              8m           100Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             48m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        55m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                81m          16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   29m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   21m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          101Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             109m         33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        133m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                198m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   50m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          101Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             109m         33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        133m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                198m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   50m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          101Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             109m         33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        133m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                198m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   50m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          101Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             109m         33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        133m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                198m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   50m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          101Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             109m         33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        133m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                198m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   50m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          101Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             109m         33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        133m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                198m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   50m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          101Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             109m         33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        133m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                198m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   50m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          101Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             109m         33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        133m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                198m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   50m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          101Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             109m         33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        133m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                198m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   50m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          101Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             109m         33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        133m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                198m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   50m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          101Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             109m         33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        133m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                198m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   50m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          101Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             109m         33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        133m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                198m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   50m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          101Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             109m         33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        133m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                198m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   50m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          101Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             109m         33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        133m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                198m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   50m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          101Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             109m         33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        133m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                198m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   50m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          101Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             109m         33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        133m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                198m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   50m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          101Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             109m         33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        133m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                198m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   50m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          101Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             109m         33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        133m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                198m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   50m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          101Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             109m         33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        133m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                198m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   50m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          101Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             109m         33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        133m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                198m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   50m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          101Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             109m         33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        133m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                198m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   50m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          101Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             109m         33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        133m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                198m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   50m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          101Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             109m         33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        133m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                198m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   50m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          101Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             109m         33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        133m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                198m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   50m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          101Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             109m         33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        133m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                198m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   50m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          101Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             109m         33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        133m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                198m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   50m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          101Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             109m         33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        133m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                198m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   50m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          101Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             109m         33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        133m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                198m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   50m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          101Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             109m         33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        133m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                198m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   50m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          101Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             109m         33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        133m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                198m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   50m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          101Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             109m         33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        133m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                198m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   50m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          101Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             109m         33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        133m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                198m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   50m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          101Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             109m         33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        133m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                198m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   50m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          101Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             109m         33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        133m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                198m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   50m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          101Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             109m         33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        133m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                198m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   50m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          101Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             109m         33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        133m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                198m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   50m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          101Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             109m         33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        133m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                198m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   50m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          101Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             109m         33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        133m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                198m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   50m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          101Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             109m         33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        133m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                198m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   50m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          101Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             109m         33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        133m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                198m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   50m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          101Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             109m         33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        133m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                198m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   50m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          101Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             109m         33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        133m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                198m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   50m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          101Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             109m         33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        133m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                198m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   50m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          101Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             109m         33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        133m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                198m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   50m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          101Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             109m         33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        133m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                198m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   50m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          101Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             109m         33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        133m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                198m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   50m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          101Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             109m         33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        133m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                198m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   50m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          101Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             109m         33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        133m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                198m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   50m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          101Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             109m         33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        133m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                198m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   50m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          101Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             109m         33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        133m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                198m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   50m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          101Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             109m         33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        133m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                198m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   50m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          101Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             109m         33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        133m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                198m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   50m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          101Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             109m         33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        133m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                198m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   50m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          101Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             109m         33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        133m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                198m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   50m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          101Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             109m         33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        133m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                198m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   50m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          101Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             109m         33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        133m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                198m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   50m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          101Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             109m         33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        133m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                198m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   71m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   50m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          101Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             82m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   49m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          101Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             82m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   49m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          101Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             82m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   49m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          101Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             82m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   49m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          101Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             82m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   49m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          101Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             82m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   49m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          101Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             82m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   49m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          101Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             82m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   49m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          101Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             82m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   49m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          101Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             82m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   49m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          101Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             82m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   49m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          101Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             82m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   49m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          101Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             82m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   49m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          101Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             82m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   49m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          101Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             82m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   49m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          101Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             82m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   49m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          101Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             82m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   49m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          101Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             82m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   49m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          101Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             82m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   49m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          101Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             82m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   49m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          101Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             82m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   49m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          101Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             82m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   49m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          101Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             82m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   49m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          101Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             82m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   49m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          101Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             82m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   49m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          101Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             82m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   49m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          101Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             82m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   49m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          101Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             82m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   49m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          101Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             82m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   49m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          101Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             82m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   49m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          101Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             82m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   49m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          101Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             82m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   49m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          101Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             82m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   49m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          101Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             82m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   49m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          101Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             82m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   49m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          101Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             82m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   49m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          101Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             82m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   49m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          101Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             82m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   49m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          101Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             82m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   49m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          101Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             82m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   49m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          101Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             82m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   49m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          101Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             82m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        6m           9Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                194m         17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   70m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   49m          40Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           4Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
