NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           8Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           8Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           8Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           8Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           8Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           8Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           8Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           8Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           8Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           8Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           8Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           8Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           8Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           8Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           8Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           8Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           8Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           8Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           8Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           8Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           8Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           8Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           8Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           8Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           8Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           8Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           8Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           8Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           8Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           8Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           8Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           8Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           8Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           8Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           8Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           8Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           8Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           8Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           8Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           8Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           8Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           8Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           8Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           8Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           8Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           8Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           8Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           8Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           8Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           8Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           8Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           8Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           8Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           8Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             95m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        122m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                181m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   54m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           8Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             95m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        122m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                181m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   54m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           8Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             95m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        122m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                181m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   54m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           8Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             95m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        122m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                181m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   54m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           8Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             95m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        122m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                181m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   54m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           8Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             95m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        122m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                181m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   54m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           8Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             95m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        122m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                181m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   54m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           8Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             95m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        122m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                181m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   54m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           8Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             95m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        122m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                181m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   54m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           8Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             95m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        122m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                181m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   54m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           8Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             95m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        122m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                181m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   54m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           8Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             95m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        122m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                181m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   54m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           8Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             95m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        122m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                181m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   54m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           8Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             95m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        122m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                181m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   54m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           8Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             95m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        122m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                181m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   54m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           8Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             95m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        122m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                181m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   54m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           8Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             95m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        122m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                181m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   54m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           8Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             95m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        122m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                181m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   54m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           8Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             95m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        122m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                181m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   54m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           8Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             95m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        122m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                181m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   54m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           8Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             95m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        122m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                181m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   54m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           8Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             95m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        122m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                181m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   54m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           8Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             95m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        122m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                181m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   54m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           8Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             95m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        122m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                181m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   54m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           8Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             95m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        122m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                181m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   54m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           8Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             95m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        122m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                181m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   54m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           8Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             95m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        122m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                181m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   54m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           8Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             95m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        122m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                181m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   54m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           8Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             95m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        122m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                181m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   54m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           8Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             95m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        122m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                181m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   54m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           8Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             95m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        122m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                181m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   54m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           8Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             95m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        122m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                181m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   54m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           8Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             95m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        122m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                181m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   54m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           8Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             95m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        122m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                181m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   54m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           8Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             95m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        122m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                181m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   54m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           8Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             95m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        122m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                181m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   54m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           8Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             95m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        122m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                181m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   54m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           8Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             95m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        122m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                181m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   54m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           8Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             95m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        122m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                181m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   54m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           8Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             95m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        122m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                181m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   54m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           8Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             95m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        122m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                181m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   54m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           8Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             95m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        122m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                181m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   54m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           8Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             95m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        122m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                181m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   54m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           8Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             95m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        122m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                181m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   54m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           8Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             95m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        122m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                181m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   54m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           8Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             95m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        122m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                181m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   54m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           8Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             95m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        122m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                181m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   54m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           8Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             95m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        122m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                181m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   54m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           8Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             95m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        122m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                181m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   54m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           8Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             95m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        122m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                181m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   54m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           8Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             95m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        122m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                181m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   54m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           8Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             95m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        122m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                181m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   54m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           8Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             95m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        122m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                181m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   54m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           8Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             95m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        122m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                181m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   54m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           8Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             95m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        122m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                181m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   54m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           8Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             95m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        122m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                181m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   54m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           8Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             95m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        122m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                181m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   54m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           8Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             91m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        131m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                193m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   60m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           8Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             91m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        131m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                193m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   60m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           8Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             91m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        131m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                193m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   60m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           8Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             91m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        131m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                193m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   60m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           8Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             91m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        131m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                193m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   60m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           8Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             91m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        131m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                193m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   60m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           8Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             91m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        131m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                193m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   60m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           8Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             91m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        131m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                193m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   60m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           8Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             91m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        131m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                193m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   60m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           8Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             91m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        131m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                193m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   60m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           8Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             91m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        131m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                193m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   60m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           8Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             91m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        131m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                193m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   60m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           8Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             91m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        131m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                193m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   60m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           8Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             91m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        131m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                193m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   60m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           8Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             91m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        131m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                193m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   60m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           8Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             91m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        131m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                193m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   60m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           8Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             91m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        131m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                193m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   60m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           8Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             91m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        131m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                193m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   60m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           8Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             91m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        131m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                193m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   60m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           8Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             91m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        131m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                193m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   60m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           8Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             91m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        131m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                193m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   60m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           8Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             91m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        131m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                193m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   60m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           8Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             91m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        131m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                193m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   60m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           8Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             91m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        131m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                193m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   60m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           8Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             91m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        131m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                193m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   60m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           8Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             91m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        131m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                193m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   60m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           8Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             91m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        131m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                193m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   60m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           8Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             91m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        131m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                193m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   60m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           8Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             91m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        131m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                193m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   60m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           8Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             91m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        131m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                193m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   60m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           8Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             91m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        131m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                193m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   60m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           8Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             91m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        131m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                193m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   60m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           8Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             91m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        131m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                193m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   60m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           8Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             91m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        131m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                193m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   60m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           8Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             91m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        131m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                193m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   60m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           8Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             91m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        131m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                193m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   60m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           8Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             91m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        131m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                193m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   60m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           8Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             91m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        131m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                193m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   60m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           8Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             91m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        131m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                193m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   60m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           8Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             91m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        131m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                193m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   60m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           8Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             91m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        131m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                193m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   60m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           8Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             91m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        131m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                193m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   60m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           8Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             91m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        131m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                193m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   60m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           8Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             91m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        131m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                193m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   60m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           8Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             91m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        131m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                193m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   60m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           8Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             91m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        131m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                193m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   60m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           8Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             91m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        131m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                193m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   60m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           8Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             91m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        131m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                193m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   60m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           8Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             91m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        131m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                193m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   60m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           8Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             91m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        131m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                193m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   60m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           8Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             91m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        131m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                193m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   60m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           8Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             91m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        131m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                193m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   60m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           8Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             91m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        131m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                193m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   60m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           8Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             91m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        131m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                193m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   60m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           8Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             91m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        131m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                193m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   60m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           8Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             91m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        131m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                193m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   60m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           8Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             91m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        131m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                193m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   69m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   60m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           8Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             61m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        126m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                186m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   58m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           8Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             61m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        126m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                186m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   58m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           8Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             61m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        126m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                186m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   58m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           8Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             61m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        126m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                186m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   58m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           8Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             61m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        126m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                186m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   58m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           8Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             61m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        126m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                186m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   58m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           8Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             61m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        126m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                186m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   58m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           8Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             61m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        126m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                186m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   58m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           8Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             61m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        126m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                186m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   58m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           8Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             61m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        126m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                186m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   58m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           8Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             61m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        126m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                186m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   58m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           8Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          104Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             61m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        126m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                186m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   66m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   58m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           8Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        8m           8Mi             
