NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           38Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           38Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           38Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           38Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           38Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           38Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           38Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           38Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              3m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             7m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        15m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                22m          20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   7m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   8m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           38Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              3m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             7m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        15m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                22m          20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   7m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   8m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           38Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              3m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             7m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        15m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                22m          20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   7m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   8m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           38Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              3m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             7m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        15m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                22m          20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   7m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   8m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           38Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              3m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             7m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        15m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                22m          20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   7m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   8m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           38Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              3m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             7m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        15m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                22m          20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   7m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   8m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           38Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              3m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             7m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        15m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                22m          20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   7m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   8m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           38Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              3m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             7m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        15m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                22m          20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   7m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   8m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           38Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              3m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             7m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        15m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                22m          20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   7m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   8m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           38Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              3m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             7m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        15m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                22m          20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   7m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   8m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           38Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              3m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             7m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        15m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                22m          20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   7m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   8m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           38Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              3m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             7m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        15m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                22m          20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   7m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   8m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           38Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              3m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             7m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        15m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                22m          20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   7m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   8m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           38Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              3m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             7m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        15m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                22m          20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   7m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   8m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           38Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              3m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             7m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        15m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                22m          20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   7m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   8m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           38Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              3m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             7m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        15m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                22m          20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   7m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   8m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           38Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              3m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             7m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        15m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                22m          20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   7m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   8m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           38Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              3m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             7m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        15m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                22m          20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   7m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   8m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           38Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              3m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             7m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        15m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                22m          20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   7m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   8m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           38Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              3m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             7m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        15m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                22m          20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   7m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   8m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           38Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              3m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             7m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        15m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                22m          20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   7m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   8m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           38Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              3m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             7m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        15m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                22m          20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   7m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   8m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           38Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              3m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             7m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        15m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                22m          20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   7m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   8m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           38Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              3m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             7m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        15m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                22m          20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   7m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   8m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           38Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              3m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             7m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        15m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                22m          20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   7m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   8m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           38Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              3m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             7m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        15m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                22m          20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   7m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   8m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           38Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              3m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             7m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        15m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                22m          20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   7m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   8m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           38Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              3m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             7m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        15m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                22m          20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   7m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   8m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           38Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              3m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             7m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        15m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                22m          20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   7m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   8m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           38Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              3m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             7m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        15m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                22m          20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   7m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   8m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           38Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              3m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             7m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        15m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                22m          20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   7m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   8m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           38Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              3m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             7m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        15m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                22m          20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   7m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   8m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           38Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              3m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             7m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        15m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                22m          20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   7m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   8m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           38Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              3m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             7m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        15m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                22m          20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   7m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   8m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           38Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              3m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             7m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        15m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                22m          20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   7m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   8m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           38Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              3m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             7m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        15m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                22m          20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   7m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   8m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           38Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              3m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             7m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        15m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                22m          20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   7m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   8m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           38Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              3m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             7m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        15m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                22m          20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   7m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   8m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           38Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              3m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             7m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        15m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                22m          20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   7m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   8m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           38Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              3m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             7m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        15m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                22m          20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   7m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   8m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           38Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              3m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             7m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        15m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                22m          20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   7m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   8m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           38Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              3m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             7m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        15m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                22m          20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   7m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   8m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           38Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              3m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             7m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        15m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                22m          20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   7m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   8m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           38Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              3m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             7m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        15m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                22m          20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   7m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   8m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           38Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              3m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             7m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        15m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                22m          20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   7m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   8m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           38Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              3m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             7m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        15m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                22m          20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   7m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   8m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           38Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              3m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             7m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        15m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                22m          20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   7m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   8m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           38Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              3m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             7m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        15m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                22m          20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   7m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   8m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           38Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              3m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             7m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        15m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                22m          20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   7m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   8m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           38Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              3m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             7m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        15m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                22m          20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   7m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   8m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           38Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              3m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             7m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        15m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                22m          20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   7m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   8m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           38Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              3m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             7m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        15m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                22m          20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   7m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   8m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           38Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              3m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             7m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        15m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                22m          20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   7m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   8m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           38Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              3m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             7m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        15m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                22m          20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   7m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   8m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           38Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              3m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             7m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        15m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                22m          20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   7m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   8m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           38Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              3m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             7m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        15m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                22m          20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   7m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   8m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             7m           38Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             59m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                192m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   60m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           39Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             59m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                192m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   60m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           39Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             59m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                192m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   60m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           39Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             59m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                192m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   60m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           39Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             59m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                192m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   60m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           39Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             59m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                192m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   60m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           39Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             59m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                192m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   60m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           39Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             59m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                192m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   60m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           39Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             59m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                192m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   60m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           39Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             59m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                192m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   60m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           39Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             59m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                192m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   60m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           39Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             59m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                192m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   60m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           39Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             59m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                192m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   60m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           39Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             59m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                192m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   60m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           39Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             59m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                192m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   60m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           39Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             59m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                192m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   60m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           39Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             59m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                192m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   60m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           39Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             59m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                192m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   60m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           39Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             59m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                192m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   60m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           39Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             59m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                192m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   60m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           39Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             59m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                192m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   60m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           39Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             59m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                192m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   60m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           39Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             59m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                192m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   60m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           39Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             59m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                192m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   60m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           39Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             59m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                192m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   60m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           39Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             59m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                192m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   60m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           39Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             59m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                192m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   60m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           39Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             59m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                192m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   60m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           39Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             59m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                192m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   60m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           39Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             59m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                192m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   60m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           39Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             59m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                192m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   60m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           39Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             59m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                192m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   60m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           39Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             59m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                192m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   60m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           39Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             59m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                192m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   60m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           39Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             59m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                192m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   60m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           39Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             59m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                192m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   60m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           39Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             59m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                192m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   60m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           39Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             59m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                192m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   60m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           39Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             59m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                192m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   60m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           39Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             59m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                192m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   60m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           39Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             59m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                192m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   60m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           39Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             59m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                192m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   60m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           39Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             59m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                192m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   60m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           39Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             59m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                192m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   60m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           39Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             59m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                192m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   60m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           39Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             59m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                192m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   60m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           39Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             59m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                192m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   60m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           39Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             59m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                192m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   60m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           39Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             59m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                192m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   60m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           39Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             59m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                192m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   60m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           39Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             59m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                192m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   60m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           39Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             59m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                192m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   60m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           39Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             59m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                192m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   60m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           39Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             59m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                192m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   60m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           39Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             59m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                192m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   60m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           39Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             59m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                192m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   60m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           39Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             59m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        129m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                192m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   60m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           39Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              21m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             53m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                195m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           39Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              21m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             53m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                195m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           39Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              21m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             53m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                195m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           39Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              21m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             53m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                195m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           39Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              21m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             53m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                195m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           39Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              21m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             53m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                195m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           39Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              21m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             53m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                195m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           39Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              21m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             53m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                195m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           39Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              21m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             53m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                195m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           39Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              21m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             53m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                195m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           39Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              21m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             53m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                195m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           39Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              21m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             53m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                195m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           39Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              21m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             53m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                195m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           39Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              21m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             53m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                195m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           39Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              21m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             53m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                195m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           39Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              21m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             53m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                195m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           39Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              21m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             53m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                195m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           39Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              21m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             53m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                195m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           39Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              21m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             53m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                195m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           39Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              21m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             53m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                195m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           39Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              21m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             53m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                195m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           39Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              21m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             53m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                195m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           39Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              21m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             53m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                195m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           39Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              21m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             53m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                195m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           39Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              21m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             53m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                195m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           39Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              21m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             53m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                195m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           39Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              21m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             53m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                195m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           39Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              21m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             53m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                195m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           39Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              21m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             53m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                195m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           39Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              21m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             53m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                195m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           39Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              21m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             53m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                195m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           39Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              21m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             53m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                195m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           39Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              21m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             53m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                195m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           39Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              21m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             53m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                195m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           39Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              21m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             53m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                195m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           39Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              21m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             53m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                195m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           39Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              21m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             53m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                195m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           39Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              21m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             53m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                195m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           39Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              21m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             53m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                195m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           39Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              21m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             53m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                195m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           39Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              21m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             53m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                195m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           39Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              21m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             53m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                195m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           39Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              21m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             53m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                195m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           39Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              21m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             53m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                195m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           39Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              21m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             53m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                195m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           39Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              21m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             53m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                195m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           39Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              21m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             53m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                195m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           39Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              21m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             53m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                195m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           39Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              21m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             53m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                195m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           39Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              21m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             53m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                195m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           39Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              21m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             53m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                195m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           39Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              21m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             53m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                195m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           39Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              21m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             53m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                195m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           39Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              21m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             53m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                195m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           39Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              21m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             53m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                195m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           39Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              21m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             53m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                195m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           39Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              21m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             53m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        130m         31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                195m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           39Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             46m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        113m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                169m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   53m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   52m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           39Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        5m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             46m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        113m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                169m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   53m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   52m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           39Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        5m           8Mi             
