NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           40Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           40Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           40Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           40Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           40Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           40Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           40Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           40Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           40Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           40Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           40Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           40Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           40Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           40Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           40Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           40Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           40Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           40Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           40Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           40Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           40Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           40Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           40Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           40Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           40Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           40Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           40Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           40Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           40Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           40Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           40Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           40Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           40Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           40Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           40Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           40Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           40Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           40Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           40Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           40Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           40Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           40Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           40Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           40Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           40Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           40Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           40Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           40Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           40Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           40Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           40Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           40Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           40Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           40Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           40Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           40Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             66m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        115m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                182m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   65m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             13m          40Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             66m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        115m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                182m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   65m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             13m          40Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             66m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        115m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                182m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   65m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             13m          40Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             66m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        115m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                182m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   65m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             13m          40Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             66m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        115m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                182m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   65m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             13m          40Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             66m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        115m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                182m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   65m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             13m          40Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             66m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        115m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                182m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   65m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             13m          40Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             66m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        115m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                182m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   65m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             13m          40Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             66m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        115m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                182m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   65m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             13m          40Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             66m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        115m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                182m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   65m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             13m          40Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             66m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        115m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                182m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   65m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             13m          40Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             66m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        115m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                182m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   65m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             13m          40Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             66m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        115m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                182m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   65m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             13m          40Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             66m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        115m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                182m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   65m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             13m          40Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             66m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        115m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                182m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   65m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             13m          40Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             66m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        115m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                182m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   65m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             13m          40Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             66m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        115m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                182m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   65m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             13m          40Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             66m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        115m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                182m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   65m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             13m          40Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             66m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        115m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                182m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   65m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             13m          40Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             66m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        115m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                182m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   65m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             13m          40Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             66m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        115m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                182m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   65m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             13m          40Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             66m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        115m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                182m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   65m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             13m          40Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             66m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        115m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                182m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   65m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             13m          40Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             66m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        115m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                182m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   65m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             13m          40Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             66m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        115m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                182m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   65m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             13m          40Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             66m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        115m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                182m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   65m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             13m          40Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             66m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        115m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                182m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   65m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             13m          40Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             66m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        115m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                182m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   65m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             13m          40Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             66m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        115m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                182m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   65m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             13m          40Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             66m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        115m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                182m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   65m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             13m          40Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             66m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        115m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                182m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   65m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             13m          40Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             66m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        115m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                182m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   65m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             13m          40Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             66m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        115m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                182m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   65m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             13m          40Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             66m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        115m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                182m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   65m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             13m          40Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             66m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        115m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                182m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   65m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             13m          40Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             66m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        115m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                182m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   65m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             13m          40Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             66m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        115m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                182m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   65m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             13m          40Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             66m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        115m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                182m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   65m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             13m          40Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             66m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        115m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                182m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   65m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             13m          40Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             66m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        115m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                182m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   65m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             13m          40Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             66m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        115m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                182m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   65m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             13m          40Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             66m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        115m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                182m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   65m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             13m          40Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             66m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        115m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                182m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   65m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             13m          40Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             66m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        115m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                182m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   65m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             13m          40Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             66m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        115m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                182m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   65m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             13m          40Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             66m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        115m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                182m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   65m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             13m          40Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             66m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        115m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                182m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   65m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             13m          40Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             66m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        115m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                182m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   65m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             13m          40Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             66m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        115m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                182m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   65m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             13m          40Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             66m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        115m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                182m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   65m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             13m          40Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             66m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        115m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                182m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   65m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             13m          40Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             66m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        115m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                182m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   65m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             13m          40Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             66m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        115m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                182m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   65m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             13m          40Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             66m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        115m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                182m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   65m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             13m          40Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             66m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        115m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                182m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   65m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             13m          40Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             66m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        115m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                182m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   65m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             13m          40Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              17m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             66m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        115m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                182m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   65m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             13m          40Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             57m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        11m          11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        122m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                192m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   65m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   70m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           40Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             57m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        11m          11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        122m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                192m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   65m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   70m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           40Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             57m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        11m          11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        122m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                192m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   65m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   70m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           40Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             57m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        11m          11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        122m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                192m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   65m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   70m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           40Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             57m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        11m          11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        122m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                192m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   65m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   70m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           40Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             57m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        11m          11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        122m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                192m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   65m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   70m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           40Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             57m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        11m          11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        122m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                192m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   65m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   70m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           40Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             57m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        11m          11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        122m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                192m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   65m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   70m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           40Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             57m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        11m          11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        122m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                192m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   65m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   70m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           40Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             57m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        11m          11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        122m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                192m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   65m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   70m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           40Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             57m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        11m          11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        122m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                192m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   65m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   70m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           40Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             57m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        11m          11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        122m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                192m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   65m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   70m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           40Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             57m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        11m          11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        122m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                192m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   65m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   70m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           40Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             57m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        11m          11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        122m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                192m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   65m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   70m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           40Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             57m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        11m          11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        122m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                192m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   65m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   70m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           40Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             57m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        11m          11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        122m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                192m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   65m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   70m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           40Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             57m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        11m          11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        122m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                192m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   65m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   70m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           40Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             57m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        11m          11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        122m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                192m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   65m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   70m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           40Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             57m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        11m          11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        122m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                192m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   65m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   70m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           40Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             57m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        11m          11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        122m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                192m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   65m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   70m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           40Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             57m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        11m          11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        122m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                192m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   65m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   70m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           40Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             57m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        11m          11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        122m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                192m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   65m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   70m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           40Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             57m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        11m          11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        122m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                192m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   65m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   70m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           40Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             57m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        11m          11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        122m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                192m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   65m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   70m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           40Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             57m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        11m          11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        122m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                192m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   65m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   70m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           40Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             57m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        11m          11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        122m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                192m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   65m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   70m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           40Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             57m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        11m          11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        122m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                192m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   65m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   70m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           40Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             57m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        11m          11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        122m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                192m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   65m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   70m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           40Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             57m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        11m          11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        122m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                192m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   65m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   70m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           40Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             57m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        11m          11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        122m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                192m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   65m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   70m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           40Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             57m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        11m          11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        122m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                192m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   65m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   70m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           40Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             57m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        11m          11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        122m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                192m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   65m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   70m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           40Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             57m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        11m          11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        122m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                192m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   65m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   70m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           40Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             57m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        11m          11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        122m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                192m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   65m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   70m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           40Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             57m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        11m          11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        122m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                192m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   65m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   70m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           40Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             57m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        11m          11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        122m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                192m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   65m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   70m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           40Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             57m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        11m          11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        122m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                192m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   65m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   70m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           40Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             57m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        11m          11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        122m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                192m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   65m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   70m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           40Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             57m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        11m          11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        122m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                192m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   65m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   70m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           40Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             57m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        11m          11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        122m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                192m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   65m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   70m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           40Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             57m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        11m          11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        122m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                192m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   65m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   70m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           40Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             57m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        11m          11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        122m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                192m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   65m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   70m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           40Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             57m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        11m          11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        122m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                192m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   65m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   70m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           40Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             57m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        11m          11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        122m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                192m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   65m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   70m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           40Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             57m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        11m          11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        122m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                192m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   65m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   70m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           40Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             57m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        11m          11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        122m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                192m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   65m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   70m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           40Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             57m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        11m          11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        122m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                192m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   65m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   70m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           40Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             57m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        11m          11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        122m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                192m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   65m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   70m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           40Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             57m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        11m          11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        122m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                192m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   65m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   70m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           40Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             57m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        11m          11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        122m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                192m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   65m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   70m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           40Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             57m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        11m          11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        122m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                192m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   65m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   70m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           40Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             57m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        11m          11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        122m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                192m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   65m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   70m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           40Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             57m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        11m          11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        122m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                192m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   65m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   70m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           40Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             57m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        11m          11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        122m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                192m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   65m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   70m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           40Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             57m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        11m          11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        122m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                192m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   65m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   70m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           40Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             57m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        11m          11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        122m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                192m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   65m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   70m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           40Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             61m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        11m          11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        123m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                192m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   65m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   70m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             14m          40Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             61m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        11m          11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        123m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                192m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   65m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   70m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             14m          40Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             61m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        11m          11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        123m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                192m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   65m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   70m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             14m          40Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             61m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        11m          11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        123m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                192m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   65m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   70m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             14m          40Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             61m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        11m          11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        123m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                192m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   65m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   70m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             14m          40Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             61m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        11m          11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        123m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                192m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   65m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   70m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             14m          40Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             61m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        11m          11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        123m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                192m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   65m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   70m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             14m          40Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             61m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        11m          11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        123m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                192m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   65m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   70m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             14m          40Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             61m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        11m          11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        123m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                192m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   65m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   70m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             14m          40Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             61m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        11m          11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        123m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                192m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   65m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   70m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             14m          40Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             61m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        11m          11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        123m         29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                192m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   65m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   70m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             14m          40Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
