NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                5m           126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              16m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         24m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                36m          21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   12m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   15m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          2m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                5m           126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              16m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         24m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                36m          21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   12m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   15m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          2m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                5m           126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              16m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         24m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                36m          21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   12m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   15m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          2m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                5m           126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              16m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         24m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                36m          21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   12m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   15m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          2m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                5m           126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              16m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         24m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                36m          21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   12m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   15m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          2m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                5m           126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              16m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         24m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                36m          21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   12m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   15m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          2m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                5m           126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              16m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         24m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                36m          21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   12m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   15m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          2m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                5m           126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              16m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         24m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                36m          21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   12m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   15m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          2m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                5m           126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              16m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         24m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                36m          21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   12m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   15m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          2m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                5m           126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              16m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         24m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                36m          21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   12m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   15m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          2m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                5m           126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              16m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         24m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                36m          21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   12m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   15m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          2m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                5m           126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              16m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         24m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                36m          21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   12m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   15m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          2m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                5m           126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              16m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         24m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                36m          21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   12m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   15m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          2m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                5m           126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              16m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         24m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                36m          21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   12m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   15m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          2m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                5m           126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              16m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         24m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                36m          21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   12m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   15m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          2m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                5m           126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              16m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         24m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                36m          21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   12m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   15m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          2m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                5m           126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              16m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         24m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                36m          21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   12m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   15m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          2m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                5m           126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              16m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         24m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                36m          21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   12m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   15m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          2m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                5m           126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              16m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         24m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                36m          21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   12m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   15m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          2m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                5m           126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              16m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         24m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                36m          21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   12m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   15m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          2m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                5m           126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              16m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         24m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                36m          21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   12m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   15m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          2m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                5m           126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              16m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         24m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                36m          21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   12m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   15m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          2m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                5m           126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              16m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         24m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                36m          21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   12m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   15m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          2m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                5m           126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              16m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         24m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                36m          21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   12m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   15m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          2m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                5m           126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              16m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         24m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                36m          21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   12m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   15m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          2m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                5m           126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              16m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         24m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                36m          21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   12m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   15m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          2m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                5m           126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              16m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         24m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                36m          21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   12m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   15m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          2m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                5m           126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              16m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         24m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                36m          21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   12m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   15m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          2m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                5m           126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              16m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         24m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                36m          21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   12m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   15m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          2m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                5m           126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              16m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         24m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                36m          21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   12m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   15m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          2m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                5m           126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              16m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         24m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                36m          21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   12m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   15m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          2m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                5m           126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              16m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         24m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                36m          21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   12m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   15m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          2m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                5m           126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              16m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         24m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                36m          21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   12m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   15m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          2m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                5m           126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              16m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         24m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                36m          21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   12m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   15m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          2m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                5m           126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              16m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         24m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                36m          21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   12m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   15m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          2m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                5m           126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              16m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         24m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                36m          21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   12m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   15m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          2m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                5m           126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              16m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         24m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                36m          21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   12m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   15m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          2m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                5m           126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              16m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         24m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                36m          21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   12m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   15m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          2m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                5m           126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              16m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         24m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                36m          21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   12m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   15m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          2m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                5m           126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              16m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         24m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                36m          21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   12m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   15m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          2m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                5m           126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              16m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         24m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                36m          21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   12m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   15m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          2m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                5m           126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              16m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         24m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                36m          21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   12m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   15m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          2m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                5m           126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              16m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         24m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                36m          21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   12m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   15m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          2m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                5m           126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              16m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         24m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                36m          21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   12m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   15m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          2m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                5m           126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              16m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         24m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                36m          21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   12m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   15m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          2m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                5m           126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              16m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         24m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                36m          21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   12m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   15m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          2m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                5m           126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              16m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         24m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                36m          21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   12m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   15m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          2m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                5m           126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              16m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         24m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                36m          21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   12m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   15m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          2m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                5m           126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              16m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         24m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                36m          21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   12m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   15m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          2m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                5m           126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              16m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         24m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                36m          21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   12m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   15m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          2m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                5m           126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              16m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         24m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                36m          21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   12m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   15m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          2m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                5m           126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              16m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         24m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                36m          21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   12m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   15m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          2m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                5m           126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              16m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         24m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                36m          21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   12m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   15m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          2m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                5m           126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              16m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         24m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                36m          21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   12m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   15m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          2m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                5m           126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              16m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         24m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                36m          21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   12m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   15m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          2m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                5m           126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              16m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         24m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                36m          21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   12m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   15m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          2m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                5m           126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              16m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         2m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         24m          29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                36m          21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   12m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   15m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          2m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                22m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              80m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         124m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   72m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              9m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                22m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              80m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         124m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   72m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              9m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                22m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              80m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         124m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   72m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              9m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                22m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              80m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         124m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   72m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              9m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                22m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              80m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         124m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   72m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              9m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                22m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              80m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         124m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   72m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              9m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                22m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              80m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         124m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   72m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              9m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                22m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              80m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         124m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   72m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              9m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                22m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              80m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         124m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   72m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              9m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                22m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              80m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         124m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   72m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              9m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                22m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              80m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         124m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   72m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              9m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                22m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              80m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         124m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   72m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              9m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                22m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              80m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         124m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   72m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              9m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                22m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              80m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         124m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   72m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              9m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                22m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              80m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         124m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   72m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              9m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                22m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              80m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         124m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   72m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              9m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                22m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              80m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         124m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   72m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              9m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                22m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              80m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         124m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   72m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              9m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                22m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              80m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         124m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   72m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              9m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                22m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              80m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         124m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   72m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              9m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                22m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              80m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         124m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   72m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              9m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                22m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              80m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         124m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   72m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              9m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                22m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              80m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         124m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   72m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              9m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                22m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              80m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         124m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   72m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              9m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                22m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              80m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         124m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   72m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              9m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                22m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              80m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         124m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   72m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              9m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                22m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              80m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         124m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   72m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              9m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                22m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              80m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         124m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   72m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              9m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                22m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              80m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         124m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   72m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              9m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                22m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              80m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         124m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   72m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              9m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                22m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              80m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         124m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   72m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              9m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                22m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              80m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         124m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   72m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              9m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                22m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              80m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         124m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   72m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              9m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                22m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              80m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         124m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   72m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              9m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                22m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              80m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         124m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   72m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              9m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                22m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              80m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         124m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   72m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              9m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                22m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              80m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         124m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   72m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              9m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                22m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              80m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         124m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   72m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              9m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                22m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              80m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         124m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   72m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              9m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                22m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              80m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         124m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   72m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              9m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                22m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              80m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         124m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   72m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              9m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                22m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              80m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         124m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   72m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              9m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                22m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              80m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         124m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   72m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              9m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                22m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              80m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         124m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   72m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              9m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                22m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              80m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         124m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   72m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              9m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                22m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              80m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         124m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   72m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              9m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                22m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              80m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         124m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   72m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              9m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                22m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              80m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         124m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   72m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              9m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                22m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              80m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         124m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   72m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              9m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                22m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              80m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         124m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   72m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              9m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                22m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              80m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         124m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   72m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              9m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                22m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              80m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         124m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   72m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              9m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                22m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              80m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         124m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   72m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              9m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                22m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              80m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         124m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   72m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              9m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                22m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              80m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         124m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   72m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              9m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                22m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              80m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         124m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   72m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              9m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                22m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              80m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         124m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   72m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              9m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              77m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         126m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   73m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          10m          9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              77m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         126m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   73m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          10m          9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              77m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         126m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   73m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          10m          9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              77m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         126m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   73m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          10m          9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              77m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         126m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   73m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          10m          9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              77m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         126m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   73m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          10m          9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              77m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         126m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   73m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          10m          9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              77m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         126m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   73m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          10m          9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              77m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         126m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   73m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          10m          9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              77m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         126m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   73m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          10m          9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              77m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         126m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   73m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          10m          9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              77m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         126m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   73m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          10m          9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              77m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         126m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   73m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          10m          9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              77m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         126m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   73m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          10m          9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              77m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         126m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   73m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          10m          9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              77m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         126m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   73m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          10m          9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              77m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         126m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   73m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          10m          9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              77m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         126m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   73m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          10m          9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              77m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         126m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   73m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          10m          9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              77m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         126m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   73m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          10m          9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              77m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         126m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   73m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          10m          9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              77m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         126m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   73m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          10m          9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              77m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         126m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   73m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          10m          9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              77m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         126m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   73m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          10m          9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              77m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         126m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   73m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          10m          9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              77m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         126m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   73m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          10m          9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              77m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         126m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   73m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          10m          9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              77m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         126m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   73m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          10m          9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              77m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         126m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   73m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          10m          9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              77m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         126m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   73m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          10m          9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              77m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         126m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   73m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          10m          9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              77m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         126m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   73m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          10m          9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              77m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         126m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   73m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          10m          9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              77m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         126m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   73m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          10m          9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              77m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         126m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   73m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          10m          9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              77m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         126m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   73m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          10m          9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              77m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         126m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   73m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          10m          9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              77m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         126m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   73m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          10m          9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              77m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         126m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   73m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          10m          9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              77m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         126m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   73m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          10m          9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              77m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         126m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   73m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          10m          9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              77m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         126m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   73m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          10m          9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              77m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         126m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   73m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          10m          9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              77m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         126m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   73m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          10m          9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              77m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         126m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   73m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          10m          9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              77m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         126m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   73m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          10m          9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              77m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         126m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   73m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          10m          9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              77m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         126m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   73m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          10m          9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              77m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         126m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   73m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          10m          9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              77m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         126m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   73m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          10m          9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              77m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         126m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   73m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          10m          9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              77m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         126m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   73m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          10m          9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              77m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         126m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   73m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          10m          9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              77m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         126m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   73m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          10m          9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              77m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         126m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   73m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          10m          9Mi             
