NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           27Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           27Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           27Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           27Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           27Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           27Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           27Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           27Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           27Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           27Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           27Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           27Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           27Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           27Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           27Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           27Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           27Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           27Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           27Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           27Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           27Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           27Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           27Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           27Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           27Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           27Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           27Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           27Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           27Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           27Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           27Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           27Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           27Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           27Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           27Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           27Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           27Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           27Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           27Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           27Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           27Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           27Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           27Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           27Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           27Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           27Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           27Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           27Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           27Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                16m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              54m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         104m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                165m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   55m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                16m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              54m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         104m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                165m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   55m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                16m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              54m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         104m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                165m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   55m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                16m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              54m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         104m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                165m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   55m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                16m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              54m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         104m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                165m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   55m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                16m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              54m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         104m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                165m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   55m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                16m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              54m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         104m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                165m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   55m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                16m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              54m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         104m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                165m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   55m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                16m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              54m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         104m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                165m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   55m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                16m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              54m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         104m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                165m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   55m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                16m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              54m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         104m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                165m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   55m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                16m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              54m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         104m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                165m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   55m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                16m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              54m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         104m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                165m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   55m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                16m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              54m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         104m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                165m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   55m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                16m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              54m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         104m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                165m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   55m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                16m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              54m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         104m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                165m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   55m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                16m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              54m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         104m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                165m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   55m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                16m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              54m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         104m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                165m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   55m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                16m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              54m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         104m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                165m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   55m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                16m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              54m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         104m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                165m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   55m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                16m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              54m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         104m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                165m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   55m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                16m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              54m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         104m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                165m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   55m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                16m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              54m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         104m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                165m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   55m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                16m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              54m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         104m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                165m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   55m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                16m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              54m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         104m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                165m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   55m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                16m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              54m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         104m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                165m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   55m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                16m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              54m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         104m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                165m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   55m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                16m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              54m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         104m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                165m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   55m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                16m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              54m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         104m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                165m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   55m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                16m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              54m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         104m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                165m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   55m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                16m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              54m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         104m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                165m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   55m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                16m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              54m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         104m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                165m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   55m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                16m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              54m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         104m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                165m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   55m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                16m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              54m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         104m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                165m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   55m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                16m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              54m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         104m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                165m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   55m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                16m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              54m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         104m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                165m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   55m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                16m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              54m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         104m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                165m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   55m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                16m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              54m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         104m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                165m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   55m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                16m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              54m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         104m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                165m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   55m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                16m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              54m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         104m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                165m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   55m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                16m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              54m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         104m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                165m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   55m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                16m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              54m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         104m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                165m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   55m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                16m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              54m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         104m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                165m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   55m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                16m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              54m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         104m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                165m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   55m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                16m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              54m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         104m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                165m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   55m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                16m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              54m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         104m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                165m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   55m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                16m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              54m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         104m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                165m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   55m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                16m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              54m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         104m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                165m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   55m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                16m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              54m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         104m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                165m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   55m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                16m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              54m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         104m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                165m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   55m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                16m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              54m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         104m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                165m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   55m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                16m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              54m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         104m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                165m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   55m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                16m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              54m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         104m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                165m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   55m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                16m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              54m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         104m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                165m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   55m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                16m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              54m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         104m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                165m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   55m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                16m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              54m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         104m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                165m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   55m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                16m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              54m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         104m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                165m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   55m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   62m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              65m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         123m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                192m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   72m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              65m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         123m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                192m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   72m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              65m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         123m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                192m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   72m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              65m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         123m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                192m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   72m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              65m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         123m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                192m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   72m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              65m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         123m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                192m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   72m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              65m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         123m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                192m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   72m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              65m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         123m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                192m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   72m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              65m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         123m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                192m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   72m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              65m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         123m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                192m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   72m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              65m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         123m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                192m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   72m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              65m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         123m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                192m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   72m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              65m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         123m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                192m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   72m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              65m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         123m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                192m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   72m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              65m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         123m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                192m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   72m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              65m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         123m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                192m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   72m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              65m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         123m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                192m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   72m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              65m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         123m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                192m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   72m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              65m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         123m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                192m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   72m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              65m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         123m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                192m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   72m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              65m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         123m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                192m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   72m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              65m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         123m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                192m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   72m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              65m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         123m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                192m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   72m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              65m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         123m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                192m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   72m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              65m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         123m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                192m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   72m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              65m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         123m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                192m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   72m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              65m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         123m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                192m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   72m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              65m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         123m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                192m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   72m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              65m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         123m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                192m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   72m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              65m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         123m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                192m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   72m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              65m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         123m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                192m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   72m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              65m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         123m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                192m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   72m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              65m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         123m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                192m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   72m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              65m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         123m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                192m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   72m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              65m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         123m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                192m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   72m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              65m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         123m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                192m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   72m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              65m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         123m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                192m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   72m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              65m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         123m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                192m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   72m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              65m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         123m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                192m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   72m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              65m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         123m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                192m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   72m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              65m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         123m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                192m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   72m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              65m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         123m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                192m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   72m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              65m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         123m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                192m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   72m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              65m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         123m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                192m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   72m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              65m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         123m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                192m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   72m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              65m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         123m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                192m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   72m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              65m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         123m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                192m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   72m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              65m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         123m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                192m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   72m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              65m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         123m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                192m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   72m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              65m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         123m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                192m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   72m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              65m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         123m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                192m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   72m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              65m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         123m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                192m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   72m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              65m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         123m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                192m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   72m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              65m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         123m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                192m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   72m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              65m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         123m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                192m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   72m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              65m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         123m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                192m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   72m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                18m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              65m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         123m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                192m         21Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   64m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   72m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                17m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              49m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         115m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                181m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   68m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              9m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                17m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              49m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         115m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                181m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   68m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              9m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                17m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              49m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         115m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                181m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   68m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              9m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                17m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              49m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         115m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                181m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   68m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              9m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                17m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              49m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         115m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                181m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   68m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              9m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                17m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              49m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         115m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                181m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   68m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              9m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                17m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              49m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         115m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                181m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   68m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              9m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                17m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              49m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         115m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                181m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   68m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              9m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                17m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              49m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         115m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                181m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   68m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              9m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                17m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              49m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         115m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                181m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   68m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              9m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                17m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              49m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         115m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                181m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   68m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              9m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                17m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              49m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         115m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                181m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   68m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              9m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                17m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              49m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         115m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                181m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   68m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              9m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                17m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              49m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         115m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                181m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   68m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              9m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                17m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              49m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         115m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                181m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   68m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              9m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                17m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              49m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         115m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                181m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   68m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              9m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                17m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              49m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         115m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                181m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   61m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   68m          43Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              9m           17Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          9m           9Mi             
