NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                17m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              61m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         112m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                165m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   50m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   53m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              7m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                17m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              61m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         112m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                165m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   50m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   53m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              7m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                17m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              61m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         112m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                165m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   50m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   53m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              7m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                17m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              61m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         112m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                165m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   50m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   53m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              7m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                17m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              61m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         112m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                165m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   50m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   53m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              7m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                17m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              61m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         112m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                165m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   50m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   53m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              7m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                17m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              61m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         112m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                165m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   50m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   53m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              7m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                17m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              61m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         112m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                165m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   50m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   53m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              7m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                17m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              61m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         112m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                165m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   50m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   53m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              7m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                17m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              61m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         112m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                165m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   50m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   53m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              7m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                17m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              61m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         112m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                165m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   50m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   53m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              7m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                17m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              61m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         112m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                165m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   50m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   53m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              7m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                17m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              61m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         112m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                165m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   50m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   53m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              7m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                17m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              61m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         112m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                165m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   50m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   53m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              7m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                17m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              61m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         112m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                165m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   50m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   53m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              7m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                17m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              61m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         112m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                165m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   50m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   53m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              7m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                17m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              61m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         112m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                165m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   50m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   53m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              7m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                17m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              61m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         112m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                165m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   50m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   53m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              7m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                17m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              61m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         112m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                165m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   50m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   53m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              7m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                17m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              61m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         112m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                165m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   50m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   53m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              7m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                17m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              61m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         112m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                165m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   50m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   53m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              7m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                17m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              61m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         112m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                165m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   50m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   53m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              7m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                17m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              61m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         112m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                165m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   50m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   53m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              7m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                17m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              61m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         112m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                165m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   50m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   53m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              7m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                17m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              61m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         112m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                165m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   50m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   53m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              7m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                17m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              61m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         112m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                165m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   50m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   53m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              7m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                17m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              61m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         112m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                165m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   50m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   53m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              7m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                17m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              61m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         112m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                165m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   50m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   53m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              7m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                17m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              61m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         112m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                165m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   50m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   53m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              7m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                17m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              61m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         112m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                165m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   50m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   53m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              7m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                17m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              61m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         112m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                165m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   50m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   53m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              7m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                17m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              61m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         112m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                165m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   50m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   53m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              7m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                17m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              61m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         112m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                165m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   50m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   53m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              7m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                17m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              61m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         112m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                165m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   50m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   53m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              7m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                17m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              61m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         112m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                165m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   50m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   53m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              7m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                17m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              61m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         112m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                165m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   50m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   53m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              7m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                17m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              61m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         112m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                165m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   50m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   53m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              7m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                17m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              61m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         112m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                165m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   50m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   53m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              7m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                17m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              61m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         112m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                165m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   50m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   53m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              7m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                17m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              61m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         112m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                165m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   50m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   53m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              7m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                17m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              61m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         112m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                165m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   50m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   53m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              7m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                17m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              61m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         112m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                165m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   50m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   53m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              7m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                17m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              61m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         112m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                165m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   50m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   53m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              7m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                17m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              61m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         112m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                165m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   50m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   53m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              7m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                17m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              61m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         112m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                165m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   50m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   53m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              7m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                17m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              61m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         112m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                165m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   50m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   53m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              7m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                17m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              61m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         112m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                165m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   50m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   53m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              7m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                17m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              61m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         112m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                165m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   50m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   53m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              7m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                17m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              61m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         112m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                165m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   50m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   53m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              7m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                17m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              61m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         112m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                165m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   50m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   53m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              7m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                17m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              61m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         112m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                165m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   50m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   53m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              7m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                17m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              61m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         112m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                165m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   50m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   53m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              7m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                17m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              61m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         112m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                165m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   50m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   53m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              7m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                17m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              61m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         112m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                165m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   50m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   53m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              7m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                17m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              61m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         112m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                165m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   50m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   53m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              7m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                17m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              61m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         112m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                165m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   50m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   53m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              7m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          5m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              54m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         130m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   63m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              54m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         130m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   63m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              54m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         130m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   63m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              54m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         130m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   63m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              54m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         130m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   63m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              54m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         130m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   63m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              54m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         130m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   63m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              54m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         130m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   63m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              54m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         130m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   63m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              54m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         130m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   63m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              54m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         130m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   63m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              54m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         130m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   63m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              54m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         130m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   63m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              54m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         130m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   63m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              54m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         130m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   63m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              54m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         130m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   63m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              54m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         130m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   63m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              54m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         130m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   63m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              54m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         130m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   63m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              54m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         130m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   63m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              54m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         130m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   63m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              54m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         130m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   63m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              54m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         130m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   63m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              54m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         130m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   63m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              54m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         130m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   63m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              54m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         130m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   63m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              54m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         130m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   63m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              54m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         130m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   63m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              54m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         130m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   63m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              54m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         130m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   63m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              54m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         130m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   63m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              54m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         130m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   63m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              54m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         130m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   63m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              54m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         130m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   63m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              54m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         130m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   63m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              54m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         130m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   63m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              54m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         130m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   63m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              54m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         130m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   63m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              54m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         130m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   63m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              54m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         130m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   63m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              54m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         130m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   63m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              54m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         130m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   63m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              54m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         130m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   63m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              54m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         130m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   63m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              54m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         130m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   63m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              54m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         130m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   63m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              54m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         130m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   63m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              54m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         130m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   63m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              54m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         130m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   63m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              54m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         130m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   63m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              54m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         130m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   63m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              54m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         130m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   63m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              54m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         130m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   63m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              54m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         130m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   63m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              54m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         130m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   63m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              54m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         130m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   63m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          125Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              54m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         130m         29Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   63m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              51m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                189m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   58m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   61m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              51m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                189m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   58m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   61m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              51m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                189m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   58m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   61m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              51m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                189m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   58m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   61m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              51m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                189m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   58m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   61m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              51m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                189m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   58m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   61m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              51m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                189m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   58m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   61m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              51m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                189m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   58m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   61m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              51m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                189m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   58m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   61m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              51m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                189m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   58m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   61m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              51m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                189m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   58m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   61m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              51m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                189m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   58m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   61m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              51m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                189m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   58m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   61m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              51m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                189m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   58m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   61m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              51m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                189m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   58m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   61m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              51m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                189m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   58m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   61m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                20m          126Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              51m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                189m         20Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   58m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   61m          42Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              5m           14Mi            
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          6m           9Mi             
