NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           119Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           119Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           119Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           119Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           119Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           119Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           119Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           119Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           119Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           119Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             1m           41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               4m           120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             11m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         19m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                28m          18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    11m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   10m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               4m           120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             11m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         19m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                28m          18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    11m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   10m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               4m           120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             11m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         19m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                28m          18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    11m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   10m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               4m           120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             11m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         19m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                28m          18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    11m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   10m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               4m           120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             11m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         19m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                28m          18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    11m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   10m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               4m           120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             11m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         19m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                28m          18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    11m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   10m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               4m           120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             11m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         19m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                28m          18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    11m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   10m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               4m           120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             11m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         19m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                28m          18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    11m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   10m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               4m           120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             11m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         19m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                28m          18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    11m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   10m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               4m           120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             11m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         19m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                28m          18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    11m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   10m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               4m           120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             11m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         19m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                28m          18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    11m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   10m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               4m           120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             11m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         19m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                28m          18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    11m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   10m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               4m           120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             11m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         19m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                28m          18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    11m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   10m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               4m           120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             11m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         19m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                28m          18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    11m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   10m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               4m           120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             11m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         19m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                28m          18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    11m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   10m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               4m           120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             11m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         19m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                28m          18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    11m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   10m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               4m           120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             11m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         19m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                28m          18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    11m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   10m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               4m           120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             11m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         19m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                28m          18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    11m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   10m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               4m           120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             11m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         19m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                28m          18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    11m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   10m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               4m           120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             11m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         19m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                28m          18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    11m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   10m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               4m           120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             11m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         19m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                28m          18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    11m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   10m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               4m           120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             11m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         19m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                28m          18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    11m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   10m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               4m           120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             11m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         19m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                28m          18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    11m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   10m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               4m           120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             11m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         19m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                28m          18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    11m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   10m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               4m           120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             11m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         19m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                28m          18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    11m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   10m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               4m           120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             11m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         19m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                28m          18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    11m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   10m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               4m           120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             11m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         19m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                28m          18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    11m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   10m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               4m           120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             11m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         19m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                28m          18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    11m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   10m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               4m           120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             11m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         19m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                28m          18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    11m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   10m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               4m           120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             11m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         19m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                28m          18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    11m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   10m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               4m           120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             11m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         19m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                28m          18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    11m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   10m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               4m           120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             11m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         19m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                28m          18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    11m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   10m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               4m           120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             11m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         19m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                28m          18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    11m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   10m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               4m           120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             11m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         19m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                28m          18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    11m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   10m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               4m           120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             11m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         19m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                28m          18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    11m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   10m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               4m           120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             11m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         19m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                28m          18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    11m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   10m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               4m           120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             11m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         19m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                28m          18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    11m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   10m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               4m           120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             11m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         19m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                28m          18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    11m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   10m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               4m           120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             11m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         19m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                28m          18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    11m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   10m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               4m           120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             11m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         19m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                28m          18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    11m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   10m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               4m           120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             11m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         19m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                28m          18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    11m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   10m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               4m           120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             11m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         19m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                28m          18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    11m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   10m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               4m           120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             11m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         19m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                28m          18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    11m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   10m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               4m           120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             11m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         19m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                28m          18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    11m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   10m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               4m           120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             11m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         19m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                28m          18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    11m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   10m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               4m           120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             11m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         19m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                28m          18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    11m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   10m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               4m           120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             11m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         19m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                28m          18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    11m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   10m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               4m           120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             11m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         19m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                28m          18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    11m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   10m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               4m           120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             11m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         19m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                28m          18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    11m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   10m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               4m           120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             11m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         19m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                28m          18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    11m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   10m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               4m           120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             11m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         19m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                28m          18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    11m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   10m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               4m           120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             11m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         19m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                28m          18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    11m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   10m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               4m           120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             11m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         19m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                28m          18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    11m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   10m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               4m           120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             11m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         19m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                28m          18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    11m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   10m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               4m           120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             11m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         19m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                28m          18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    11m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   10m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               4m           120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             11m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          2m           9Mi             
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         19m          30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                28m          18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    11m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   10m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         2m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             85m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                194m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    72m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   61m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             85m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                194m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    72m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   61m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             85m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                194m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    72m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   61m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             85m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                194m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    72m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   61m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             85m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                194m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    72m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   61m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             85m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                194m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    72m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   61m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             85m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                194m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    72m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   61m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             85m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                194m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    72m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   61m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             85m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                194m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    72m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   61m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             85m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                194m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    72m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   61m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             85m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                194m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    72m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   61m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             85m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                194m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    72m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   61m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             85m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                194m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    72m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   61m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             85m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                194m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    72m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   61m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             85m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                194m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    72m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   61m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             85m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                194m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    72m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   61m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             85m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                194m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    72m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   61m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             85m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                194m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    72m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   61m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             85m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                194m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    72m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   61m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             85m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                194m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    72m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   61m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             85m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                194m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    72m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   61m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             85m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                194m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    72m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   61m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             85m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                194m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    72m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   61m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             85m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                194m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    72m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   61m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             85m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                194m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    72m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   61m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             85m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                194m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    72m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   61m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             85m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                194m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    72m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   61m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             85m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                194m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    72m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   61m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             85m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                194m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    72m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   61m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             85m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                194m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    72m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   61m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             85m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                194m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    72m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   61m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             85m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                194m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    72m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   61m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             85m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                194m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    72m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   61m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             85m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                194m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    72m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   61m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             85m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                194m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    72m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   61m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             85m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                194m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    72m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   61m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             85m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                194m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    72m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   61m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             85m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                194m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    72m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   61m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             85m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                194m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    72m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   61m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             85m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                194m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    72m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   61m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             85m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                194m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    72m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   61m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             85m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                194m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    72m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   61m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             85m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                194m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    72m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   61m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             85m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                194m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    72m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   61m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             85m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                194m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    72m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   61m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             85m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                194m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    72m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   61m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             85m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                194m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    72m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   61m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             85m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                194m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    72m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   61m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             85m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                194m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    72m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   61m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             85m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                194m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    72m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   61m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             85m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                194m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    72m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   61m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             85m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                194m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    72m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   61m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             85m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                194m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    72m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   61m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             85m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                194m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    72m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   61m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             85m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                194m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    72m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   61m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             85m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                194m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    72m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   61m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             85m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                194m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    72m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   61m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           5Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             76m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         126m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                191m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    71m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   59m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             76m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         126m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                191m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    71m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   59m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             76m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         126m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                191m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    71m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   59m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             76m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         126m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                191m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    71m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   59m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             76m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         126m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                191m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    71m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   59m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             76m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         126m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                191m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    71m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   59m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             76m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         126m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                191m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    71m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   59m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             76m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         126m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                191m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    71m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   59m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             76m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         126m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                191m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    71m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   59m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             76m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         126m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                191m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    71m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   59m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             76m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         126m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                191m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    71m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   59m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             76m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         126m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                191m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    71m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   59m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             76m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         126m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                191m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    71m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   59m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             76m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         126m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                191m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    71m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   59m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             76m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         126m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                191m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    71m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   59m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             76m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         126m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                191m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    71m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   59m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             76m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         126m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                191m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    71m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   59m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             76m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         126m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                191m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    71m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   59m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             76m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         126m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                191m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    71m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   59m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             76m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         126m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                191m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    71m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   59m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             76m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         126m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                191m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    71m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   59m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             76m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         126m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                191m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    71m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   59m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             76m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         126m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                191m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    71m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   59m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             76m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         126m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                191m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    71m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   59m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             76m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         126m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                191m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    71m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   59m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             76m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         126m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                191m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    71m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   59m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             76m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         126m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                191m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    71m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   59m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             76m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         126m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                191m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    71m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   59m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             76m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         126m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                191m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    71m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   59m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             76m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         126m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                191m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    71m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   59m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             76m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         126m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                191m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    71m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   59m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             76m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         126m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                191m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    71m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   59m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             76m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         126m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                191m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    71m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   59m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             76m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         126m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                191m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    71m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   59m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             76m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         126m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                191m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    71m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   59m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             76m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         126m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                191m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    71m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   59m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             76m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         126m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                191m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    71m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   59m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             76m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         126m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                191m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    71m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   59m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             76m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         126m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                191m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    71m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   59m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             76m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         126m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                191m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    71m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   59m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             76m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         126m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                191m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    71m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   59m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             76m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         126m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                191m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    71m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   59m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             76m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         126m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                191m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    71m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   59m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             76m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         126m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                191m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    71m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   59m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             76m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         126m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                191m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    71m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   59m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             76m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         126m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                191m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    71m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   59m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             76m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         126m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                191m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    71m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   59m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             76m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         126m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                191m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    71m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   59m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             76m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         126m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                191m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    71m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   59m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             76m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         126m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                191m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    71m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   59m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             76m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         126m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                191m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    71m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   59m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             76m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         126m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                191m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    71m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   59m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             76m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         126m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                191m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    71m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   59m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             76m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         126m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                191m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    71m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   59m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             76m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         126m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                191m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    71m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   59m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             76m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         126m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                191m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    71m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   59m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               17m          120Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             76m          41Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         126m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            4m           40Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                191m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    71m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   59m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           6Mi             
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         9m           8Mi             
