NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           14Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           14Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           14Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           14Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           14Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           14Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           14Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           14Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           14Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           14Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           14Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           14Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           14Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           14Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           14Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           14Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           14Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           14Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           14Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           14Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           14Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           14Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           14Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           14Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           14Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           14Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           14Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           14Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           14Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           14Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           14Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           14Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           14Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           14Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           14Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           14Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           14Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           14Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           14Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           14Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           14Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           14Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           14Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           14Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           14Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           14Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           14Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           14Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           14Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           14Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           14Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           14Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           14Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           14Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           14Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           14Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           14Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             54m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 172m         19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   57m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   53m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           14Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             54m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 172m         19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   57m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   53m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           14Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             54m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 172m         19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   57m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   53m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           14Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             54m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 172m         19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   57m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   53m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           14Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             54m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 172m         19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   57m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   53m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           14Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             54m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 172m         19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   57m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   53m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           14Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             54m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 172m         19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   57m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   53m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           14Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             54m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 172m         19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   57m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   53m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           14Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             54m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 172m         19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   57m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   53m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           14Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             54m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 172m         19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   57m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   53m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           14Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             54m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 172m         19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   57m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   53m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           14Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             54m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 172m         19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   57m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   53m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           14Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             54m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 172m         19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   57m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   53m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           14Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             54m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 172m         19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   57m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   53m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           14Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             54m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 172m         19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   57m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   53m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           14Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             54m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 172m         19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   57m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   53m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           14Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             54m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 172m         19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   57m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   53m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           14Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             54m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 172m         19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   57m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   53m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           14Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             54m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 172m         19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   57m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   53m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           14Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             54m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 172m         19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   57m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   53m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           14Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             54m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 172m         19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   57m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   53m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           14Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             54m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 172m         19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   57m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   53m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           14Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             54m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 172m         19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   57m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   53m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           14Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             54m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 172m         19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   57m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   53m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           14Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             54m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 172m         19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   57m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   53m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           14Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             54m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 172m         19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   57m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   53m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           14Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             54m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 172m         19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   57m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   53m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           14Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             54m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 172m         19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   57m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   53m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           14Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             54m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 172m         19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   57m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   53m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           14Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             54m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 172m         19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   57m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   53m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           14Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             54m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 172m         19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   57m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   53m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           14Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             54m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 172m         19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   57m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   53m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           14Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             54m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 172m         19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   57m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   53m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           14Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             54m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 172m         19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   57m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   53m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           14Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             54m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 172m         19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   57m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   53m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           14Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             54m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 172m         19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   57m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   53m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           14Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             54m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 172m         19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   57m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   53m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           14Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             54m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 172m         19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   57m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   53m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           14Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             54m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 172m         19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   57m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   53m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           14Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             54m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 172m         19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   57m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   53m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           14Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             54m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 172m         19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   57m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   53m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           14Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             54m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 172m         19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   57m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   53m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           14Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             54m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 172m         19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   57m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   53m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           14Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             54m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 172m         19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   57m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   53m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           14Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             54m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 172m         19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   57m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   53m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           14Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             54m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 172m         19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   57m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   53m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           14Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             54m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 172m         19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   57m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   53m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           14Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             54m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 172m         19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   57m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   53m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           14Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             54m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 172m         19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   57m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   53m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           14Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             54m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 172m         19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   57m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   53m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           14Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             54m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 172m         19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   57m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   53m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           14Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             54m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 172m         19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   57m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   53m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           14Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             54m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 172m         19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   57m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   53m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           14Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             54m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 172m         19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   57m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   53m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           14Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             54m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 172m         19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   57m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   53m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           14Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             54m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 172m         19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   57m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   53m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           14Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             54m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         128m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 172m         19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   57m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   53m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              5m           14Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         5m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               21m          110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             69m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         145m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   63m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           14Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               21m          110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             69m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         145m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   63m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           14Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               21m          110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             69m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         145m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   63m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           14Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               21m          110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             69m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         145m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   63m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           14Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               21m          110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             69m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         145m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   63m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           14Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               21m          110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             69m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         145m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   63m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           14Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               21m          110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             69m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         145m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   63m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           14Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               21m          110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             69m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         145m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   63m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           14Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               21m          110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             69m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         145m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   63m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           14Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               21m          110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             69m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         145m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   63m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           14Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               21m          110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             69m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         145m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   63m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           14Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               21m          110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             69m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         145m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   63m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           14Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               21m          110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             69m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         145m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   63m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           14Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               21m          110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             69m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         145m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   63m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           14Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               21m          110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             69m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         145m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   63m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           14Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               21m          110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             69m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         145m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   63m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           14Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               21m          110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             69m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         145m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   63m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           14Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               21m          110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             69m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         145m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   63m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           14Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               21m          110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             69m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         145m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   63m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           14Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               21m          110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             69m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         145m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   63m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           14Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               21m          110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             69m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         145m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   63m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           14Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               21m          110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             69m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         145m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   63m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           14Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               21m          110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             69m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         145m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   63m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           14Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               21m          110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             69m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         145m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   63m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           14Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               21m          110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             69m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         145m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   63m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           14Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               21m          110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             69m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         145m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   63m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           14Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               21m          110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             69m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         145m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   63m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           14Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               21m          110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             69m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         145m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   63m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           14Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               21m          110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             69m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         145m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   63m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           14Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               21m          110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             69m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         145m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   63m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           14Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               21m          110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             69m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         145m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   63m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           14Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               21m          110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             69m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         145m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   63m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           14Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               21m          110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             69m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         145m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   63m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           14Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               21m          110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             69m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         145m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   63m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           14Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               21m          110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             69m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         145m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   63m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           14Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               21m          110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             69m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         145m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   63m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           14Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               21m          110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             69m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         145m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   63m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           14Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               21m          110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             69m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         145m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   63m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           14Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               21m          110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             69m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         145m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   63m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           14Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               21m          110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             69m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         145m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   63m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           14Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               21m          110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             69m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         145m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   63m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           14Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               21m          110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             69m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         145m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   63m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           14Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               21m          110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             69m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         145m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   63m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           14Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               21m          110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             69m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         145m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   63m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           14Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               21m          110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             69m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         145m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   63m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           14Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               21m          110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             69m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         145m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   63m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           14Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               21m          110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             69m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         145m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   63m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           14Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               21m          110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             69m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         145m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   63m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           14Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               21m          110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             69m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         145m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   63m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           14Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               21m          110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             69m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         145m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   63m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           14Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               21m          110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             69m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         145m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   63m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           14Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               21m          110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             69m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         145m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   63m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           14Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               21m          110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             69m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         145m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   63m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           14Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               21m          110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             69m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         145m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   63m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           14Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               21m          110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             69m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         145m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   63m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           14Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               21m          110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             69m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         145m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   63m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           14Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               21m          110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             69m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         145m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   63m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           14Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               20m          110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             59m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         143m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 190m         20Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   62m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              8m           14Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               20m          110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             59m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         143m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 190m         20Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   62m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              8m           14Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               20m          110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             59m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         143m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 190m         20Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   62m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              8m           14Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               20m          110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             59m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         143m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 190m         20Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   62m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              8m           14Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               20m          110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             59m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         143m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 190m         20Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   62m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              8m           14Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               20m          110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             59m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         143m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 190m         20Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   62m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              8m           14Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               20m          110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             59m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         143m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 190m         20Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   62m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              8m           14Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               20m          110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             59m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         143m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 190m         20Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   62m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              8m           14Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               20m          110Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             59m          36Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         143m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              3m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 190m         20Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   60m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   62m          42Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              8m           14Mi            
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         6m           8Mi             
