NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              15m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             60m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        95m          31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                138m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   46m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   41m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              15m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             60m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        95m          31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                138m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   46m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   41m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              15m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             60m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        95m          31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                138m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   46m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   41m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              15m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             60m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        95m          31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                138m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   46m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   41m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              15m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             60m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        95m          31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                138m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   46m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   41m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              15m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             60m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        95m          31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                138m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   46m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   41m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              15m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             60m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        95m          31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                138m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   46m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   41m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              15m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             60m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        95m          31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                138m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   46m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   41m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              15m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             60m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        95m          31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                138m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   46m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   41m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              15m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             60m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        95m          31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                138m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   46m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   41m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              15m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             60m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        95m          31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                138m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   46m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   41m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              15m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             60m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        95m          31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                138m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   46m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   41m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              15m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             60m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        95m          31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                138m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   46m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   41m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              15m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             60m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        95m          31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                138m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   46m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   41m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              15m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             60m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        95m          31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                138m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   46m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   41m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              15m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             60m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        95m          31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                138m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   46m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   41m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              15m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             60m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        95m          31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                138m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   46m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   41m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              15m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             60m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        95m          31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                138m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   46m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   41m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              15m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             60m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        95m          31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                138m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   46m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   41m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              15m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             60m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        95m          31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                138m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   46m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   41m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              15m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             60m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        95m          31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                138m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   46m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   41m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              15m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             60m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        95m          31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                138m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   46m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   41m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              15m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             60m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        95m          31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                138m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   46m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   41m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              15m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             60m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        95m          31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                138m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   46m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   41m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              15m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             60m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        95m          31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                138m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   46m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   41m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              15m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             60m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        95m          31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                138m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   46m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   41m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              15m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             60m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        95m          31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                138m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   46m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   41m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              15m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             60m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        95m          31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                138m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   46m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   41m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              15m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             60m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        95m          31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                138m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   46m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   41m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              15m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             60m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        95m          31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                138m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   46m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   41m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              15m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             60m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        95m          31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                138m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   46m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   41m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              15m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             60m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        95m          31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                138m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   46m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   41m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              15m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             60m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        95m          31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                138m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   46m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   41m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              15m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             60m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        95m          31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                138m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   46m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   41m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              15m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             60m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        95m          31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                138m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   46m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   41m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              15m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             60m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        95m          31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                138m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   46m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   41m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              15m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             60m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        95m          31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                138m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   46m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   41m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              15m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             60m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        95m          31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                138m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   46m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   41m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              15m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             60m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        95m          31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                138m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   46m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   41m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              15m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             60m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        95m          31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                138m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   46m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   41m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              15m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             60m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        95m          31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                138m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   46m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   41m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              15m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             60m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        95m          31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                138m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   46m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   41m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              15m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             60m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        95m          31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                138m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   46m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   41m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              15m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             60m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        95m          31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                138m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   46m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   41m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              15m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             60m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        95m          31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                138m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   46m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   41m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              15m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             60m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        95m          31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                138m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   46m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   41m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              15m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             60m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        95m          31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                138m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   46m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   41m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              15m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             60m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        95m          31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                138m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   46m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   41m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              15m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             60m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        95m          31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                138m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   46m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   41m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              15m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             60m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        95m          31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                138m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   46m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   41m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              15m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             60m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        95m          31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                138m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   46m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   41m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              15m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             60m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        95m          31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                138m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   46m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   41m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              15m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             60m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        95m          31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                138m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   46m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   41m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              15m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             60m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        95m          31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                138m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   46m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   41m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              15m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             60m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        95m          31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                138m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   46m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   41m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              15m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             60m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        95m          31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                138m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   46m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   41m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              15m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             60m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        95m          31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                138m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   46m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   41m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             4m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        4m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             51m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                188m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   59m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   62m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             9m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             51m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                188m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   59m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   62m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             9m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             51m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                188m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   59m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   62m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             9m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             51m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                188m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   59m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   62m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             9m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             51m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                188m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   59m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   62m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             9m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             51m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                188m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   59m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   62m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             9m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             51m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                188m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   59m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   62m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             9m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             51m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                188m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   59m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   62m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             9m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             51m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                188m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   59m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   62m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             9m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             51m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                188m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   59m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   62m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             9m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             51m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                188m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   59m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   62m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             9m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             51m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                188m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   59m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   62m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             9m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             51m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                188m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   59m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   62m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             9m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             51m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                188m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   59m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   62m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             9m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             51m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                188m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   59m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   62m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             9m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             51m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                188m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   59m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   62m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             9m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             51m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                188m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   59m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   62m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             9m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             51m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                188m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   59m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   62m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             9m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             51m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                188m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   59m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   62m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             9m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             51m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                188m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   59m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   62m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             9m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             51m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                188m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   59m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   62m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             9m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             51m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                188m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   59m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   62m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             9m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             51m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                188m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   59m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   62m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             9m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             51m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                188m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   59m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   62m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             9m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             51m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                188m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   59m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   62m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             9m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             51m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                188m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   59m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   62m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             9m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             51m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                188m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   59m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   62m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             9m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             51m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                188m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   59m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   62m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             9m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             51m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                188m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   59m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   62m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             9m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             51m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                188m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   59m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   62m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             9m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             51m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                188m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   59m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   62m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             9m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             51m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                188m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   59m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   62m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             9m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             51m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                188m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   59m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   62m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             9m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             51m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                188m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   59m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   62m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             9m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             51m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                188m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   59m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   62m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             9m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             51m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                188m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   59m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   62m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             9m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             51m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                188m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   59m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   62m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             9m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             51m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                188m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   59m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   62m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             9m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             51m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                188m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   59m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   62m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             9m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             51m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                188m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   59m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   62m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             9m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             51m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                188m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   59m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   62m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             9m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             51m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                188m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   59m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   62m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             9m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             51m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                188m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   59m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   62m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             9m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             51m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                188m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   59m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   62m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             9m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             51m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                188m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   59m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   62m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             9m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             51m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                188m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   59m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   62m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             9m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             51m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                188m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   59m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   62m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             9m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             51m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                188m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   59m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   62m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             9m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             51m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                188m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   59m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   62m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             9m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             51m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                188m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   59m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   62m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             9m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             51m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                188m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   59m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   62m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             9m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             51m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                188m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   59m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   62m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             9m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             51m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                188m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   59m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   62m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             9m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             51m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                188m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   59m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   62m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             9m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             51m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                188m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   59m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   62m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             9m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             51m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                188m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   59m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   62m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             9m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          111Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             51m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                188m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   59m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   62m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             9m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             50m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                186m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   58m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             50m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                186m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   58m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             50m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                186m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   58m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             50m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                186m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   58m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             50m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                186m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   58m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             50m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                186m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   58m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             50m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                186m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   58m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             50m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                186m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   58m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             50m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                186m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   58m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             50m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                186m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   58m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             50m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                186m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   58m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             50m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                186m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   58m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             50m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                186m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   58m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             50m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                186m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   58m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             50m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                186m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   58m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             50m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                186m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   58m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             50m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                186m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   58m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             50m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                186m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   58m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             50m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                186m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   58m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             50m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                186m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   58m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             50m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                186m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   58m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             50m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                186m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   58m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             50m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                186m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   58m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              20m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             50m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                186m         20Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   58m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   61m          42Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           21Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        6m           8Mi             
