NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           35Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           35Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           35Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           35Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           35Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           35Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           35Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           35Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           35Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           35Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           35Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           35Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           35Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           35Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           35Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           35Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           35Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           35Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           35Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           35Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           35Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           35Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           35Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           35Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           35Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           35Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           35Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           35Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           35Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           35Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           35Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           35Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           35Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           35Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           35Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           35Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           35Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           35Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           35Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           35Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           35Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           35Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           35Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             60m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        94m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                145m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   52m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   51m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           35Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             60m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        94m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                145m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   52m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   51m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           35Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             60m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        94m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                145m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   52m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   51m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           35Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             60m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        94m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                145m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   52m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   51m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           35Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             60m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        94m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                145m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   52m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   51m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           35Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             60m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        94m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                145m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   52m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   51m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           35Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             60m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        94m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                145m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   52m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   51m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           35Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             60m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        94m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                145m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   52m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   51m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           35Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             60m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        94m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                145m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   52m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   51m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           35Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             60m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        94m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                145m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   52m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   51m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           35Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             60m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        94m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                145m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   52m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   51m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           35Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             60m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        94m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                145m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   52m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   51m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           35Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             60m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        94m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                145m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   52m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   51m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           35Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             60m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        94m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                145m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   52m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   51m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           35Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             60m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        94m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                145m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   52m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   51m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           35Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             60m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        94m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                145m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   52m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   51m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           35Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             60m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        94m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                145m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   52m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   51m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           35Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             60m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        94m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                145m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   52m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   51m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           35Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             60m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        94m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                145m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   52m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   51m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           35Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             60m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        94m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                145m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   52m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   51m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           35Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             60m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        94m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                145m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   52m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   51m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           35Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             60m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        94m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                145m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   52m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   51m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           35Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             60m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        94m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                145m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   52m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   51m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           35Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             60m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        94m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                145m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   52m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   51m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           35Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             60m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        94m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                145m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   52m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   51m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           35Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             60m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        94m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                145m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   52m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   51m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           35Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             60m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        94m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                145m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   52m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   51m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           35Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             60m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        94m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                145m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   52m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   51m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           35Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             60m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        94m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                145m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   52m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   51m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           35Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             60m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        94m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                145m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   52m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   51m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           35Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             60m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        94m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                145m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   52m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   51m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           35Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             60m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        94m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                145m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   52m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   51m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           35Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             60m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        94m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                145m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   52m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   51m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           35Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             60m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        94m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                145m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   52m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   51m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           35Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             60m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        94m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                145m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   52m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   51m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           35Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             60m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        94m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                145m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   52m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   51m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           35Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             60m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        94m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                145m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   52m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   51m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           35Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             60m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        94m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                145m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   52m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   51m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           35Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             60m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        94m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                145m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   52m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   51m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           35Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             60m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        94m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                145m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   52m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   51m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           35Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             60m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        94m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                145m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   52m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   51m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           35Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             60m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        94m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                145m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   52m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   51m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           35Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             60m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        94m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                145m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   52m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   51m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           35Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             60m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        94m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                145m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   52m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   51m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           35Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             60m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        94m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                145m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   52m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   51m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           35Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             60m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        94m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                145m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   52m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   51m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           35Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             60m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        94m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                145m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   52m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   51m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           35Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             60m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        94m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                145m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   52m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   51m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           35Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             60m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        94m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                145m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   52m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   51m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           35Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             60m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        94m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                145m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   52m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   51m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           35Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             60m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        94m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                145m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   52m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   51m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           35Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             60m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        94m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                145m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   52m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   51m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           35Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             60m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        94m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                145m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   52m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   51m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           35Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             60m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        94m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                145m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   52m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   51m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           35Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             60m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        94m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                145m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   52m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   51m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           35Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             60m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        94m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                145m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   52m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   51m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           35Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             60m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        94m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                145m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   52m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   51m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           35Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             65m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        125m         31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                188m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   67m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             13m          35Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             65m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        125m         31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                188m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   67m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             13m          35Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             65m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        125m         31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                188m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   67m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             13m          35Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             65m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        125m         31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                188m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   67m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             13m          35Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             65m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        125m         31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                188m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   67m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             13m          35Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             65m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        125m         31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                188m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   67m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             13m          35Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             65m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        125m         31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                188m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   67m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             13m          35Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             65m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        125m         31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                188m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   67m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             13m          35Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             65m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        125m         31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                188m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   67m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             13m          35Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             65m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        125m         31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                188m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   67m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             13m          35Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             65m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        125m         31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                188m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   67m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             13m          35Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             65m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        125m         31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                188m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   67m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             13m          35Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             65m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        125m         31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                188m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   67m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             13m          35Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             65m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        125m         31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                188m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   67m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             13m          35Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             65m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        125m         31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                188m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   67m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             13m          35Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             65m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        125m         31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                188m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   67m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             13m          35Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             65m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        125m         31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                188m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   67m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             13m          35Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             65m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        125m         31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                188m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   67m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             13m          35Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             65m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        125m         31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                188m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   67m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             13m          35Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             65m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        125m         31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                188m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   67m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             13m          35Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             65m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        125m         31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                188m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   67m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             13m          35Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             65m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        125m         31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                188m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   67m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             13m          35Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             65m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        125m         31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                188m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   67m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             13m          35Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             65m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        125m         31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                188m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   67m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             13m          35Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             65m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        125m         31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                188m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   67m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             13m          35Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             65m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        125m         31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                188m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   67m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             13m          35Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             65m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        125m         31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                188m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   67m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             13m          35Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             65m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        125m         31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                188m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   67m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             13m          35Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             65m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        125m         31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                188m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   67m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             13m          35Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             65m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        125m         31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                188m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   67m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             13m          35Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             65m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        125m         31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                188m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   67m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             13m          35Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             65m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        125m         31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                188m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   67m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             13m          35Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             65m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        125m         31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                188m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   67m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             13m          35Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             65m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        125m         31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                188m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   67m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             13m          35Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             65m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        125m         31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                188m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   67m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             13m          35Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             65m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        125m         31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                188m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   67m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             13m          35Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             65m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        125m         31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                188m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   67m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             13m          35Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             65m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        125m         31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                188m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   67m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             13m          35Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             65m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        125m         31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                188m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   67m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             13m          35Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             65m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        125m         31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                188m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   67m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             13m          35Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             65m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        125m         31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                188m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   67m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             13m          35Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             65m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        125m         31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                188m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   67m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             13m          35Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             65m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        125m         31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                188m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   67m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             13m          35Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             65m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        125m         31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                188m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   67m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             13m          35Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             65m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        125m         31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                188m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   67m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             13m          35Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             65m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        125m         31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                188m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   67m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             13m          35Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             65m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        125m         31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                188m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   67m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             13m          35Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             65m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        125m         31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                188m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   67m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             13m          35Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             65m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        125m         31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                188m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   67m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             13m          35Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             65m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        125m         31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                188m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   67m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             13m          35Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             65m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        125m         31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                188m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   67m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             13m          35Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             65m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        125m         31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                188m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   67m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             13m          35Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             65m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        125m         31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                188m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   67m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             13m          35Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             65m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        125m         31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                188m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   67m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             13m          35Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             65m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        125m         31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                188m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   67m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             13m          35Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             65m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        125m         31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                188m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   67m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             13m          35Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             65m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        125m         31Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                188m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   67m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   67m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             13m          35Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             62m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        124m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                189m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   67m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           35Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             62m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        124m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                189m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   67m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           35Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             62m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        124m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                189m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   67m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           35Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             62m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        124m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                189m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   67m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           35Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             62m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        124m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                189m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   67m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           35Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             62m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        124m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                189m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   67m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           35Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             62m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        124m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                189m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   67m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           35Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             62m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        124m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                189m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   67m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           35Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             62m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        124m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                189m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   67m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           35Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             62m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        124m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                189m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   67m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           35Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             62m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        124m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                189m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   67m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           35Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             62m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        124m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                189m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   67m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           35Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             62m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        124m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                189m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   67m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           35Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             62m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        124m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                189m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   67m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           35Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             62m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        124m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                189m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   67m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           35Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             62m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        124m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                189m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   67m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           35Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             62m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        124m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                189m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   67m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           35Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             62m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        124m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                189m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   67m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           35Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             62m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        124m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                189m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   67m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           35Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             62m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        124m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                189m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   67m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           35Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             62m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        124m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                189m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   67m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           35Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             62m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        124m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                189m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   67m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           35Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          112Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             62m          38Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        124m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                189m         19Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   68m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   67m          43Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           35Mi            
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           9Mi             
