NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           23Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           23Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           23Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           23Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           23Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           23Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           23Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           23Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           23Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           23Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           23Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           23Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           23Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           23Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           23Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           23Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           23Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           23Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           23Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           23Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           23Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           23Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           23Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           23Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           23Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           23Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           23Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           23Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           23Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           23Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           23Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           23Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           23Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           23Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           23Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           23Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           23Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           23Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           23Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           23Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           23Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           23Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           23Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           23Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           23Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           23Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           23Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           23Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           23Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               1m           128Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             2m           43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    1m           10Mi            
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   2m           43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              2m           23Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             76m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         118m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                170m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    56m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   51m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              9m           23Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             76m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         118m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                170m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    56m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   51m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              9m           23Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             76m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         118m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                170m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    56m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   51m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              9m           23Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             76m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         118m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                170m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    56m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   51m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              9m           23Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             76m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         118m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                170m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    56m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   51m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              9m           23Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             76m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         118m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                170m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    56m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   51m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              9m           23Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             76m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         118m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                170m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    56m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   51m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              9m           23Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             76m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         118m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                170m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    56m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   51m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              9m           23Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             76m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         118m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                170m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    56m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   51m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              9m           23Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             76m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         118m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                170m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    56m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   51m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              9m           23Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             76m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         118m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                170m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    56m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   51m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              9m           23Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             76m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         118m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                170m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    56m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   51m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              9m           23Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             76m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         118m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                170m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    56m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   51m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              9m           23Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             76m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         118m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                170m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    56m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   51m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              9m           23Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             76m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         118m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                170m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    56m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   51m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              9m           23Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             76m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         118m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                170m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    56m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   51m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              9m           23Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             76m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         118m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                170m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    56m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   51m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              9m           23Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             76m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         118m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                170m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    56m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   51m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              9m           23Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             76m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         118m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                170m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    56m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   51m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              9m           23Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             76m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         118m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                170m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    56m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   51m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              9m           23Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             76m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         118m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                170m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    56m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   51m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              9m           23Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             76m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         118m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                170m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    56m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   51m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              9m           23Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             76m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         118m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                170m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    56m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   51m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              9m           23Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             76m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         118m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                170m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    56m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   51m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              9m           23Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             76m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         118m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                170m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    56m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   51m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              9m           23Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             76m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         118m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                170m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    56m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   51m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              9m           23Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             76m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         118m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                170m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    56m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   51m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              9m           23Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             76m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         118m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                170m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    56m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   51m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              9m           23Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             76m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         118m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                170m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    56m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   51m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              9m           23Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             76m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         118m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                170m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    56m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   51m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              9m           23Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             76m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         118m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                170m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    56m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   51m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              9m           23Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             76m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         118m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                170m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    56m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   51m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              9m           23Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             76m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         118m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                170m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    56m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   51m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              9m           23Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             76m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         118m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                170m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    56m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   51m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              9m           23Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             76m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         118m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                170m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    56m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   51m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              9m           23Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             76m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         118m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                170m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    56m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   51m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              9m           23Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             76m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         118m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                170m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    56m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   51m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              9m           23Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             76m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         118m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                170m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    56m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   51m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              9m           23Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             76m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         118m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                170m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    56m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   51m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              9m           23Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             76m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         118m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                170m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    56m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   51m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              9m           23Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             76m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         118m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                170m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    56m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   51m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              9m           23Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             76m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         118m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                170m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    56m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   51m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              9m           23Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             76m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         118m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                170m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    56m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   51m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              9m           23Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             76m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         118m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                170m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    56m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   51m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              9m           23Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             76m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         118m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                170m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    56m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   51m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              9m           23Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             76m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         118m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                170m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    56m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   51m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              9m           23Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             76m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         118m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                170m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    56m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   51m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              9m           23Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             76m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         118m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                170m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    56m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   51m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              9m           23Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             76m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         118m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                170m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    56m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   51m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              9m           23Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             76m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         118m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                170m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    56m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   51m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              9m           23Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             76m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         118m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                170m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    56m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   51m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              9m           23Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             76m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         118m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                170m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    56m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   51m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              9m           23Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             76m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         118m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                170m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    56m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   51m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              9m           23Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             76m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         118m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                170m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    56m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   51m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              9m           23Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             76m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         118m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                170m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    56m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   51m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              9m           23Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             76m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         118m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                170m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    56m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   51m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              9m           23Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               18m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             76m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         118m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            2m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                170m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    56m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   51m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              9m           23Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               20m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             88m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         137m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                196m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   58m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           23Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               20m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             88m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         137m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                196m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   58m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           23Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               20m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             88m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         137m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                196m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   58m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           23Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               20m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             88m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         137m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                196m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   58m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           23Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               20m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             88m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         137m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                196m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   58m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           23Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               20m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             88m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         137m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                196m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   58m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           23Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               20m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             88m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         137m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                196m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   58m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           23Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               20m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             88m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         137m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                196m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   58m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           23Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               20m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             88m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         137m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                196m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   58m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           23Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               20m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             88m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         137m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                196m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   58m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           23Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               20m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             88m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         137m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                196m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   58m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           23Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               20m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             88m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         137m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                196m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   58m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           23Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               20m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             88m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         137m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                196m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   58m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           23Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               20m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             88m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         137m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                196m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   58m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           23Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               20m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             88m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         137m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                196m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   58m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           23Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               20m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             88m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         137m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                196m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   58m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           23Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               20m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             88m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         137m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                196m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   58m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           23Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               20m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             88m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         137m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                196m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   58m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           23Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               20m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             88m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         137m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                196m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   58m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           23Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               20m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             88m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         137m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                196m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   58m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           23Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               20m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             88m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         137m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                196m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   58m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           23Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               20m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             88m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         137m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                196m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   58m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           23Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               20m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             88m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         137m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                196m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   58m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           23Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               20m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             88m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         137m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                196m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   58m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           23Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               20m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             88m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         137m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                196m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   58m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           23Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               20m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             88m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         137m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                196m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   58m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           23Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               20m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             88m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         137m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                196m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   58m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           23Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               20m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             88m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         137m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                196m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   58m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           23Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               20m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             88m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         137m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                196m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   58m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           23Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               20m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             88m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         137m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                196m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   58m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           23Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               20m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             88m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         137m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                196m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   58m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           23Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               20m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             88m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         137m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                196m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   58m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           23Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               20m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             88m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         137m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                196m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   58m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           23Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               20m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             88m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         137m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                196m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   58m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           23Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               20m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             88m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         137m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                196m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   58m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           23Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               20m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             88m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         137m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                196m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   58m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           23Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               20m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             88m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         137m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                196m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   58m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           23Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               20m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             88m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         137m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                196m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   58m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           23Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               20m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             88m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         137m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                196m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   58m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           23Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               20m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             88m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         137m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                196m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   58m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           23Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               20m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             88m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         137m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                196m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   58m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           23Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               20m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             88m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         137m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                196m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   58m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           23Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               20m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             88m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         137m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                196m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   58m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           23Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               20m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             88m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         137m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                196m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   58m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           23Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               20m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             88m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         137m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                196m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   58m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           23Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               20m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             88m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         137m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                196m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   58m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           23Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               20m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             88m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         137m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                196m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   58m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           23Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               20m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             88m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         137m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                196m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   58m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           23Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               20m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             88m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         137m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                196m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   58m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           23Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               20m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             88m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         137m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                196m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   58m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           23Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               20m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             88m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         137m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                196m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   58m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           23Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               20m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             88m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         137m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                196m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   58m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           23Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               20m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             88m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         137m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                196m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   58m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           23Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               20m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             88m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         137m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                196m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   58m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           23Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               20m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             88m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         137m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                196m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   58m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           23Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               20m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             88m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         137m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                196m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   58m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           23Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               20m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             88m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         137m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                196m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           28Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   58m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           23Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               21m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             74m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         135m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                196m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   58m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           23Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               21m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             74m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         135m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                196m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   58m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           23Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               21m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             74m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         135m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                196m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   58m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           23Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               21m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             74m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         135m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                196m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   58m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           23Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               21m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             74m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         135m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                196m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   58m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           23Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               21m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             74m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         135m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                196m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   58m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           23Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               21m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             74m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         135m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                196m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   58m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           23Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               21m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             74m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         135m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                196m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   58m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           23Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               21m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             74m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         135m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                196m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   58m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           23Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               21m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             74m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         135m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                196m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   58m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           23Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               21m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             74m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         135m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                196m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   58m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           23Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               21m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             74m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         135m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                196m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   58m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           23Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               21m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             74m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         135m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                196m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   58m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           23Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               21m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             74m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         135m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                196m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   58m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           23Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               21m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             74m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         135m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                196m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   58m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           23Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-5bcb45587b-688ct               21m          129Mi           
cartservice-765b96447c-vjznx             74m          43Mi            
checkoutservice-f977fd76f-qcj5n          4m           10Mi            
currencyservice-57cbfd7cdb-2mbg7         135m         30Mi            
emailservice-6944b85db5-79cjh            3m           41Mi            
frontend-6bbd575f99-q2lmm                196m         18Mi            
paymentservice-758b444d57-xxv6p          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-8856ddcff-db6z8    65m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6685c679b8-j5qht   58m          43Mi            
redis-cart-6d7fd96b69-c6j7k              6m           23Mi            
shippingservice-59f7ccdc77-nkcbf         6m           8Mi             
