NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           104Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           104Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           104Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           104Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           104Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           104Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               1m           104Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           9Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               3m           105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             12m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         13m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 18m          16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   7m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   6m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               3m           105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             12m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         13m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 18m          16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   7m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   6m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               3m           105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             12m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         13m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 18m          16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   7m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   6m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               3m           105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             12m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         13m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 18m          16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   7m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   6m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               3m           105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             12m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         13m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 18m          16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   7m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   6m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               3m           105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             12m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         13m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 18m          16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   7m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   6m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               3m           105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             12m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         13m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 18m          16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   7m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   6m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               3m           105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             12m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         13m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 18m          16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   7m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   6m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               3m           105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             12m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         13m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 18m          16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   7m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   6m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               3m           105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             12m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         13m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 18m          16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   7m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   6m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               3m           105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             12m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         13m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 18m          16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   7m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   6m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               3m           105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             12m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         13m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 18m          16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   7m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   6m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               3m           105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             12m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         13m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 18m          16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   7m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   6m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               3m           105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             12m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         13m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 18m          16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   7m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   6m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               3m           105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             12m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         13m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 18m          16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   7m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   6m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               3m           105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             12m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         13m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 18m          16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   7m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   6m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               3m           105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             12m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         13m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 18m          16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   7m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   6m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               3m           105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             12m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         13m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 18m          16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   7m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   6m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               3m           105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             12m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         13m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 18m          16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   7m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   6m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               3m           105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             12m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         13m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 18m          16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   7m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   6m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               3m           105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             12m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         13m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 18m          16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   7m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   6m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               3m           105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             12m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         13m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 18m          16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   7m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   6m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               3m           105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             12m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         13m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 18m          16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   7m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   6m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               3m           105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             12m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         13m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 18m          16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   7m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   6m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               3m           105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             12m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         13m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 18m          16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   7m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   6m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               3m           105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             12m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         13m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 18m          16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   7m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   6m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               3m           105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             12m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         13m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 18m          16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   7m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   6m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               3m           105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             12m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         13m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 18m          16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   7m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   6m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               3m           105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             12m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         13m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 18m          16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   7m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   6m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               3m           105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             12m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         13m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 18m          16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   7m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   6m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               3m           105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             12m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         13m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 18m          16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   7m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   6m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               3m           105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             12m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         13m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 18m          16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   7m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   6m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               3m           105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             12m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         13m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 18m          16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   7m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   6m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               3m           105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             12m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         13m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 18m          16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   7m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   6m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               3m           105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             12m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         13m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 18m          16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   7m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   6m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               3m           105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             12m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         13m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 18m          16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   7m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   6m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               3m           105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             12m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         13m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 18m          16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   7m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   6m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               3m           105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             12m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         13m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 18m          16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   7m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   6m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               3m           105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             12m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         13m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 18m          16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   7m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   6m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               3m           105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             12m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         13m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 18m          16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   7m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   6m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               3m           105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             12m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         13m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 18m          16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   7m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   6m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               3m           105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             12m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         13m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 18m          16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   7m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   6m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               3m           105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             12m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         13m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 18m          16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   7m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   6m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               3m           105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             12m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         13m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 18m          16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   7m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   6m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               3m           105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             12m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         13m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 18m          16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   7m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   6m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               3m           105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             12m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         13m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 18m          16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   7m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   6m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               3m           105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             12m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         13m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 18m          16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   7m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   6m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               3m           105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             12m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         13m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 18m          16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   7m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   6m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               3m           105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             12m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         13m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 18m          16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   7m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   6m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               3m           105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             12m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         13m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 18m          16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   7m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   6m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               3m           105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             12m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         13m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 18m          16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   7m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   6m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               3m           105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             12m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         13m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 18m          16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   7m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   6m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               3m           105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             12m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         13m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 18m          16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   7m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   6m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               3m           105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             12m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         13m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 18m          16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   7m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   6m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               3m           105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             12m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         13m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 18m          16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   7m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   6m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               3m           105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             12m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         13m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 18m          16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   7m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   6m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               3m           105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             12m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         13m          30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 18m          16Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   7m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   6m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               21m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             99m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         140m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 196m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   73m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   65m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               21m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             99m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         140m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 196m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   73m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   65m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               21m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             99m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         140m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 196m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   73m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   65m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               21m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             99m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         140m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 196m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   73m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   65m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               21m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             99m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         140m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 196m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   73m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   65m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               21m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             99m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         140m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 196m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   73m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   65m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               21m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             99m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         140m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 196m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   73m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   65m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               21m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             99m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         140m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 196m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   73m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   65m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               21m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             99m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         140m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 196m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   73m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   65m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               21m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             99m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         140m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 196m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   73m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   65m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               21m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             99m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         140m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 196m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   73m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   65m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               21m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             99m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         140m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 196m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   73m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   65m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               21m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             99m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         140m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 196m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   73m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   65m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               21m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             99m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         140m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 196m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   73m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   65m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               21m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             99m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         140m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 196m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   73m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   65m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               21m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             99m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         140m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 196m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   73m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   65m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               21m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             99m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         140m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 196m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   73m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   65m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               21m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             99m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         140m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 196m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   73m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   65m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               21m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             99m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         140m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 196m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   73m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   65m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               21m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             99m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         140m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 196m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   73m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   65m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               21m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             99m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         140m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 196m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   73m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   65m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               21m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             99m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         140m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 196m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   73m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   65m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               21m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             99m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         140m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 196m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   73m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   65m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               21m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             99m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         140m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 196m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   73m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   65m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               21m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             99m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         140m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 196m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   73m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   65m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               21m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             99m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         140m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 196m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   73m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   65m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               21m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             99m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         140m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 196m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   73m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   65m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               21m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             99m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         140m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 196m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   73m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   65m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               21m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             99m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         140m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 196m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   73m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   65m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               21m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             99m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         140m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 196m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   73m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   65m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               21m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             99m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         140m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 196m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   73m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   65m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               21m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             99m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         140m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 196m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   73m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   65m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               21m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             99m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         140m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 196m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   73m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   65m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               21m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             99m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         140m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 196m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   73m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   65m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               21m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             99m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         140m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 196m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   73m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   65m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               21m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             99m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         140m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 196m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   73m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   65m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               21m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             99m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         140m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 196m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   73m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   65m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               21m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             99m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         140m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 196m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   73m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   65m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               21m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             99m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         140m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 196m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   73m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   65m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               21m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             99m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         140m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 196m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   73m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   65m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               21m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             99m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         140m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 196m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   73m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   65m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               21m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             99m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         140m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 196m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   73m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   65m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               21m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             99m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         140m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 196m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   73m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   65m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               21m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             99m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         140m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 196m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   73m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   65m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               21m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             99m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         140m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 196m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   73m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   65m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               21m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             99m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         140m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 196m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   73m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   65m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               21m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             99m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         140m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 196m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   73m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   65m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               21m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             99m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         140m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 196m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   73m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   65m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               21m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             99m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         140m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 196m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   73m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   65m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               21m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             99m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         140m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 196m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   73m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   65m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               21m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             99m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         140m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 196m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   73m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   65m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               21m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             99m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         140m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 196m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   73m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   65m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               21m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             99m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         140m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 196m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   73m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   65m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               21m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             99m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         140m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 196m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   73m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   65m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               21m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             99m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         140m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 196m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   73m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   65m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               21m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             99m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         140m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 196m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   73m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   65m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               21m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             99m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         140m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 196m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   73m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   65m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             92m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   73m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   66m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             92m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   73m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   66m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             92m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   73m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   66m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             92m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   73m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   66m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             92m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   73m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   66m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             92m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   73m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   66m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             92m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   73m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   66m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             92m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   73m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   66m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             92m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   73m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   66m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             92m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   73m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   66m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             92m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   73m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   66m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             92m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   73m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   66m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             92m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   73m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   66m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             92m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   73m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   66m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             92m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   73m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   66m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             92m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   73m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   66m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             92m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   73m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   66m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             92m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   73m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   66m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             92m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   73m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   66m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             92m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   73m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   66m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             92m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   73m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   66m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             92m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   73m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   66m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             92m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   73m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   66m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             92m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   73m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   66m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             92m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   73m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   66m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             92m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   73m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   66m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             92m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   73m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   66m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             92m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   73m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   66m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             92m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   73m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   66m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             92m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   73m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   66m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             92m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   73m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   66m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             92m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   73m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   66m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             92m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   73m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   66m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             92m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   73m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   66m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             92m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   73m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   66m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             92m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   73m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   66m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             92m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   73m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   66m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             92m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   73m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   66m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             92m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   73m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   66m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             92m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   73m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   66m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             92m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   73m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   66m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             92m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   73m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   66m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             92m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   73m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   66m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             92m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   73m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   66m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             92m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   73m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   66m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             92m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   73m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   66m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             92m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   73m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   66m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             92m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   73m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   66m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             92m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   73m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   66m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             92m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   73m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   66m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             92m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   73m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   66m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             92m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   73m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   66m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             92m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   73m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   66m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             92m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   73m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   66m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             92m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   73m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   66m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               18m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             92m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 195m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   73m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   66m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               16m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             58m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         120m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 169m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   57m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               16m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             58m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         120m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 169m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   57m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               16m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             58m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         9m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         120m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 169m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          2m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   57m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         8m           8Mi             
