NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               2m           104Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               2m           104Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               2m           104Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               2m           104Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               2m           104Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               2m           104Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               2m           104Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               2m           104Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               2m           104Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               2m           104Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               2m           104Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               2m           104Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               2m           104Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               2m           104Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               2m           104Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               2m           104Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             1m           34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         1m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         1m           29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              2m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               5m           104Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             23m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         36m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 51m          17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   19m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   16m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               5m           104Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             23m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         36m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 51m          17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   19m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   16m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               5m           104Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             23m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         36m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 51m          17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   19m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   16m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               5m           104Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             23m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         36m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 51m          17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   19m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   16m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               5m           104Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             23m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         36m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 51m          17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   19m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   16m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               5m           104Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             23m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         36m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 51m          17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   19m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   16m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               5m           104Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             23m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         36m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 51m          17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   19m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   16m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               5m           104Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             23m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         36m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 51m          17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   19m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   16m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               5m           104Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             23m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         36m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 51m          17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   19m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   16m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               5m           104Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             23m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         36m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 51m          17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   19m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   16m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               5m           104Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             23m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         36m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 51m          17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   19m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   16m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               5m           104Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             23m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         36m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 51m          17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   19m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   16m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               5m           104Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             23m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         36m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 51m          17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   19m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   16m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               5m           104Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             23m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         36m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 51m          17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   19m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   16m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               5m           104Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             23m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         36m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 51m          17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   19m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   16m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               5m           104Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             23m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         36m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 51m          17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   19m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   16m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               5m           104Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             23m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         36m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 51m          17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   19m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   16m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               5m           104Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             23m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         36m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 51m          17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   19m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   16m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               5m           104Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             23m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         36m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 51m          17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   19m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   16m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               5m           104Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             23m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         36m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 51m          17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   19m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   16m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               5m           104Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             23m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         36m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 51m          17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   19m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   16m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               5m           104Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             23m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         36m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 51m          17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   19m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   16m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               5m           104Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             23m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         36m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 51m          17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   19m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   16m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               5m           104Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             23m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         36m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 51m          17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   19m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   16m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               5m           104Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             23m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         36m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 51m          17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   19m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   16m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               5m           104Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             23m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         36m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 51m          17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   19m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   16m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               5m           104Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             23m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         36m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 51m          17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   19m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   16m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               5m           104Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             23m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         36m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 51m          17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   19m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   16m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               5m           104Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             23m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         36m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 51m          17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   19m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   16m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               5m           104Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             23m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         36m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 51m          17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   19m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   16m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               5m           104Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             23m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         36m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 51m          17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   19m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   16m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               5m           104Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             23m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         36m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 51m          17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   19m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   16m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               5m           104Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             23m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         36m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 51m          17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   19m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   16m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               5m           104Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             23m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         36m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 51m          17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   19m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   16m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               5m           104Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             23m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         36m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 51m          17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   19m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   16m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               5m           104Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             23m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         36m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 51m          17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   19m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   16m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               5m           104Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             23m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         36m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 51m          17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   19m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   16m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               5m           104Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             23m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         36m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 51m          17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   19m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   16m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               5m           104Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             23m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         36m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 51m          17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   19m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   16m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               5m           104Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             23m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         36m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 51m          17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   19m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   16m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               5m           104Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             23m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         36m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 51m          17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   19m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   16m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               5m           104Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             23m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         36m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 51m          17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   19m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   16m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               5m           104Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             23m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         36m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 51m          17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   19m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   16m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               5m           104Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             23m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         36m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 51m          17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   19m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   16m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               5m           104Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             23m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         36m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 51m          17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   19m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   16m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               5m           104Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             23m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         36m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 51m          17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   19m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   16m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               5m           104Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             23m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         36m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 51m          17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   19m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   16m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               5m           104Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             23m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         36m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 51m          17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   19m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   16m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               5m           104Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             23m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         36m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 51m          17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   19m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   16m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               5m           104Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             23m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         36m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 51m          17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   19m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   16m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               5m           104Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             23m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         36m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 51m          17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   19m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   16m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               5m           104Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             23m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         36m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 51m          17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   19m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   16m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               5m           104Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             23m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         36m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 51m          17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   19m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   16m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               5m           104Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             23m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         36m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 51m          17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   19m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   16m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               5m           104Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             23m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         36m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 51m          17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   19m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   16m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               5m           104Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             23m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         36m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 51m          17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   19m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   16m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               5m           104Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             23m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         3m           10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         36m          29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              2m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 51m          17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          1m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   19m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   16m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              3m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             88m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 196m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   73m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   66m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             88m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 196m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   73m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   66m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             88m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 196m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   73m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   66m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             88m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 196m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   73m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   66m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             88m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 196m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   73m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   66m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             88m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 196m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   73m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   66m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             88m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 196m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   73m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   66m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             88m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 196m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   73m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   66m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             88m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 196m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   73m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   66m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             88m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 196m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   73m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   66m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             88m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 196m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   73m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   66m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             88m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 196m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   73m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   66m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             88m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 196m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   73m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   66m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             88m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 196m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   73m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   66m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             88m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 196m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   73m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   66m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             88m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 196m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   73m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   66m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             88m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 196m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   73m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   66m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             88m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 196m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   73m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   66m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             88m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 196m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   73m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   66m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             88m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 196m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   73m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   66m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             88m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 196m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   73m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   66m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             88m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 196m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   73m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   66m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             88m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 196m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   73m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   66m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             88m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 196m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   73m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   66m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             88m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 196m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   73m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   66m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             88m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 196m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   73m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   66m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             88m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 196m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   73m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   66m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             88m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 196m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   73m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   66m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             88m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 196m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   73m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   66m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             88m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 196m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   73m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   66m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             88m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 196m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   73m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   66m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             88m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 196m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   73m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   66m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             88m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 196m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   73m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   66m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             88m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 196m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   73m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   66m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             88m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 196m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   73m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   66m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             88m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 196m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   73m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   66m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             88m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 196m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   73m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   66m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             88m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 196m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   73m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   66m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             88m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 196m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   73m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   66m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             88m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 196m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   73m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   66m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             88m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 196m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   73m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   66m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             88m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 196m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   73m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   66m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             88m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 196m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   73m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   66m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             88m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 196m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   73m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   66m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             88m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 196m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   73m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   66m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             88m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 196m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   73m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   66m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             88m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 196m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   73m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   66m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             88m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 196m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   73m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   66m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             88m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 196m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   73m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   66m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             88m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 196m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   73m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   66m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             88m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 196m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   73m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   66m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             88m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 196m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   73m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   66m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             88m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 196m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   73m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   66m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             88m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 196m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   73m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   66m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             88m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 196m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   73m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   66m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             88m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 196m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   73m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   66m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               19m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             88m          35Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         139m         30Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 196m         17Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   73m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   66m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              7m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               20m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             66m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         135m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 192m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   72m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   65m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               20m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             66m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         135m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 192m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   72m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   65m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               20m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             66m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         135m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 192m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   72m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   65m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               20m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             66m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         135m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 192m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   72m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   65m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               20m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             66m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         135m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 192m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   72m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   65m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               20m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             66m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         135m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 192m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   72m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   65m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               20m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             66m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         135m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 192m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   72m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   65m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               20m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             66m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         135m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 192m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   72m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   65m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               20m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             66m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         135m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 192m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   72m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   65m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               20m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             66m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         135m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 192m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   72m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   65m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               20m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             66m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         135m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 192m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   72m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   65m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               20m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             66m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         135m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 192m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   72m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   65m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               20m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             66m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         135m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 192m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   72m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   65m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               20m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             66m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         135m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 192m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   72m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   65m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               20m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             66m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         135m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 192m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   72m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   65m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               20m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             66m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         135m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 192m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   72m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   65m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               20m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             66m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         135m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 192m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   72m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   65m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               20m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             66m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         135m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 192m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   72m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   65m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               20m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             66m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         135m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 192m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   72m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   65m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               20m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             66m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         135m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 192m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   72m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   65m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               20m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             66m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         135m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 192m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   72m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   65m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               20m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             66m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         135m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 192m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   72m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   65m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               20m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             66m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         135m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 192m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   72m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   65m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               20m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             66m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         135m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 192m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   72m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   65m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               20m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             66m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         135m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 192m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   72m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   65m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               20m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             66m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         135m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 192m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   72m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   65m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               20m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             66m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         135m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 192m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   72m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   65m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               20m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             66m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         135m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 192m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   72m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   65m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               20m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             66m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         135m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 192m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   72m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   65m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               20m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             66m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         135m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 192m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   72m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   65m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               20m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             66m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         135m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 192m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   72m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   65m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               20m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             66m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         135m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 192m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   72m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   65m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               20m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             66m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         135m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 192m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   72m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   65m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               20m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             66m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         135m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 192m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   72m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   65m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               20m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             66m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         135m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 192m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   72m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   65m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               20m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             66m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         135m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 192m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   72m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   65m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               20m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             66m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         135m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 192m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   72m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   65m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               20m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             66m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         135m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 192m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   72m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   65m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               20m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             66m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         135m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 192m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   72m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   65m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               20m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             66m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         135m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 192m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   72m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   65m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               20m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             66m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         135m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 192m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   72m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   65m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               20m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             66m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         135m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 192m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   72m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   65m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               20m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             66m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         135m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 192m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   72m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   65m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               20m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             66m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         135m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 192m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   72m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   65m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               20m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             66m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         135m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 192m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   72m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   65m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               20m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             66m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         135m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 192m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   72m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   65m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               20m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             66m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         135m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 192m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   72m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   65m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               20m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             66m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         135m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 192m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   72m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   65m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               20m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             66m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         135m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 192m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   72m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   65m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-745b949f5d-85ljm               20m          105Mi           
cartservice-5898f4d5dc-dblt9             66m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-865c49fcc5-5xlr2         11m          10Mi            
currencyservice-5c9656bc4d-cfk2l         135m         29Mi            
emailservice-7cfcd9f5-bnqnz              4m           40Mi            
frontend-97cd64997-8vz2j                 192m         18Mi            
paymentservice-56ddd6b47f-l2lpc          3m           25Mi            
productcatalogservice-5b87dc4bb5-qmsf6   72m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-688598f8db-ckpv8   65m          41Mi            
redis-cart-6b5b88857f-q2k22              6m           7Mi             
shippingservice-7b4cc88dd7-ppbph         9m           8Mi             
