NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           105Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           9Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           105Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           9Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           105Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           9Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           105Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           9Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           105Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           9Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           105Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           9Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           105Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           9Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           105Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           9Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           105Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           9Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           105Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           9Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           105Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           9Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           105Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           9Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           105Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           9Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           105Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           9Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           105Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           9Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           105Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           9Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           105Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           9Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           105Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           9Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           105Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           9Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           105Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           9Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           105Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           9Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           105Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           9Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           105Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           9Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           105Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           9Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           105Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           9Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           105Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           9Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           105Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           9Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           105Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           9Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           105Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           9Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           105Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           9Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           105Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           9Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           105Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           9Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           105Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           9Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           105Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           9Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           105Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           9Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           105Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           9Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           105Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           9Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           105Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           9Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           105Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           9Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           105Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           9Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           105Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           9Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           105Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           9Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           105Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           9Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           105Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           9Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           105Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           9Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              1m           105Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             2m           36Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           11Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           27Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           9Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           9Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          106Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             76m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        99m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                151m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   56m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   49m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           9Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          106Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             76m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        99m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                151m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   56m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   49m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           9Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          106Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             76m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        99m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                151m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   56m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   49m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           9Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          106Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             76m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        99m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                151m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   56m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   49m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           9Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          106Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             76m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        99m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                151m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   56m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   49m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           9Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          106Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             76m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        99m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                151m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   56m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   49m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           9Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          106Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             76m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        99m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                151m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   56m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   49m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           9Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          106Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             76m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        99m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                151m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   56m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   49m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           9Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          106Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             76m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        99m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                151m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   56m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   49m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           9Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          106Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             76m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        99m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                151m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   56m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   49m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           9Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          106Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             76m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        99m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                151m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   56m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   49m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           9Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          106Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             76m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        99m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                151m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   56m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   49m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           9Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          106Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             76m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        99m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                151m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   56m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   49m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           9Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          106Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             76m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        99m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                151m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   56m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   49m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           9Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          106Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             76m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        99m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                151m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   56m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   49m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           9Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          106Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             76m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        99m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                151m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   56m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   49m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           9Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          106Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             76m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        99m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                151m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   56m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   49m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           9Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          106Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             76m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        99m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                151m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   56m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   49m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           9Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          106Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             76m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        99m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                151m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   56m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   49m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           9Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          106Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             76m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        99m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                151m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   56m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   49m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           9Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          106Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             76m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        99m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                151m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   56m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   49m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           9Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          106Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             76m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        99m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                151m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   56m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   49m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           9Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          106Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             76m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        99m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                151m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   56m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   49m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           9Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          106Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             76m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        99m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                151m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   56m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   49m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           9Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          106Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             76m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        99m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                151m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   56m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   49m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           9Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          106Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             76m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        99m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                151m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   56m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   49m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           9Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          106Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             76m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        99m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                151m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   56m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   49m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           9Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          106Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             76m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        99m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                151m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   56m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   49m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           9Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          106Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             76m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        99m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                151m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   56m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   49m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           9Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          106Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             76m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        99m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                151m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   56m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   49m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           9Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          106Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             76m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        99m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                151m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   56m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   49m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           9Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          106Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             76m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        99m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                151m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   56m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   49m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           9Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          106Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             76m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        99m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                151m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   56m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   49m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           9Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          106Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             76m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        99m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                151m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   56m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   49m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           9Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          106Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             76m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        99m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                151m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   56m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   49m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           9Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          106Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             76m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        99m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                151m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   56m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   49m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           9Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          106Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             76m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        99m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                151m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   56m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   49m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           9Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          106Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             76m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        99m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                151m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   56m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   49m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           9Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          106Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             76m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        99m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                151m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   56m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   49m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           9Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          106Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             76m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        99m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                151m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   56m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   49m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           9Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          106Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             76m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        99m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                151m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   56m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   49m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           9Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          106Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             76m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        99m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                151m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   56m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   49m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           9Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          106Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             76m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        99m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                151m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   56m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   49m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           9Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          106Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             76m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        99m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                151m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   56m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   49m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           9Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          106Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             76m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        99m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                151m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   56m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   49m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           9Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          106Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             76m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        99m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                151m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   56m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   49m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           9Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          106Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             76m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        99m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                151m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   56m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   49m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           9Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          106Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             76m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        99m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                151m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   56m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   49m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           9Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          106Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             76m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        99m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                151m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   56m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   49m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           9Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          106Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             76m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        99m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                151m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   56m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   49m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           9Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          106Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             76m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        99m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                151m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   56m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   49m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           9Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          106Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             76m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        99m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                151m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   56m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   49m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           9Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          106Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             76m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        99m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                151m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   56m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   49m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           9Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          106Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             76m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        99m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                151m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   56m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   49m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           9Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          106Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             76m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        99m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                151m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   56m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   49m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           9Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          106Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             76m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        99m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                151m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   56m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   49m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           9Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              14m          106Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             76m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        7m           10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        99m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            3m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                151m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   56m          10Mi            
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   49m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             5m           9Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        7m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          106Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             85m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        132m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                196m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   72m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   67m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             8m           9Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          106Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             85m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        132m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                196m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   72m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   67m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             8m           9Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          106Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             85m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        132m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                196m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   72m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   67m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             8m           9Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          106Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             85m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        132m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                196m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   72m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   67m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             8m           9Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          106Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             85m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        132m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                196m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   72m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   67m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             8m           9Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          106Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             85m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        132m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                196m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   72m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   67m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             8m           9Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          106Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             85m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        132m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                196m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   72m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   67m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             8m           9Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          106Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             85m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        132m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                196m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   72m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   67m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             8m           9Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          106Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             85m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        132m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                196m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   72m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   67m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             8m           9Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          106Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             85m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        132m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                196m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   72m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   67m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             8m           9Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          106Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             85m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        132m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                196m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   72m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   67m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             8m           9Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          106Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             85m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        132m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                196m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   72m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   67m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             8m           9Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          106Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             85m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        132m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                196m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   72m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   67m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             8m           9Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          106Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             85m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        132m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                196m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   72m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   67m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             8m           9Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          106Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             85m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        132m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                196m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   72m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   67m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             8m           9Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          106Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             85m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        132m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                196m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   72m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   67m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             8m           9Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          106Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             85m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        132m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                196m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   72m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   67m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             8m           9Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          106Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             85m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        132m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                196m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   72m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   67m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             8m           9Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          106Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             85m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        132m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                196m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   72m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   67m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             8m           9Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          106Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             85m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        132m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                196m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   72m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   67m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             8m           9Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          106Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             85m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        132m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                196m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   72m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   67m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             8m           9Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          106Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             85m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        132m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                196m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   72m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   67m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             8m           9Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          106Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             85m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        132m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                196m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   72m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   67m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             8m           9Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          106Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             85m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        132m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                196m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   72m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   67m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             8m           9Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          106Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             85m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        132m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                196m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   72m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   67m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             8m           9Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          106Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             85m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        132m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                196m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   72m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   67m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             8m           9Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          106Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             85m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        132m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                196m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   72m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   67m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             8m           9Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          106Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             85m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        132m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                196m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   72m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   67m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             8m           9Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          106Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             85m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        132m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                196m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   72m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   67m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             8m           9Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          106Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             85m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        132m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                196m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   72m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   67m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             8m           9Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          106Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             85m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        132m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                196m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   72m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   67m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             8m           9Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          106Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             85m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        132m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                196m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   72m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   67m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             8m           9Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          106Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             85m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        132m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                196m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   72m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   67m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             8m           9Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          106Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             85m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        132m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                196m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   72m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   67m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             8m           9Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          106Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             85m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        132m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                196m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   72m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   67m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             8m           9Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          106Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             85m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        132m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                196m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   72m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   67m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             8m           9Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          106Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             85m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        132m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                196m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   72m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   67m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             8m           9Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          106Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             85m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        132m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                196m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   72m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   67m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             8m           9Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          106Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             85m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        132m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                196m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   72m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   67m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             8m           9Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          106Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             85m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        132m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                196m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   72m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   67m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             8m           9Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          106Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             85m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        132m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                196m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   72m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   67m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             8m           9Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          106Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             85m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        132m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                196m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   72m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   67m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             8m           9Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          106Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             85m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        132m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                196m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   72m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   67m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             8m           9Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          106Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             85m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        132m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                196m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   72m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   67m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             8m           9Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          106Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             85m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        132m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                196m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   72m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   67m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             8m           9Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          106Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             85m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        132m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                196m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   72m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   67m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             8m           9Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          106Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             85m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        132m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                196m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   72m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   67m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             8m           9Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          106Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             85m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        132m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                196m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   72m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   67m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             8m           9Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          106Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             85m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        132m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                196m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   72m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   67m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             8m           9Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          106Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             85m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        132m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                196m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   72m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   67m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             8m           9Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          106Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             85m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        132m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                196m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   72m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   67m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             8m           9Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          106Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             85m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        132m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                196m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   72m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   67m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             8m           9Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          106Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             85m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        132m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                196m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   72m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   67m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             8m           9Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          106Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             85m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        132m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                196m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   72m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   67m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             8m           9Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          106Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             85m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        132m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                196m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   72m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   67m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             8m           9Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              19m          106Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             85m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        132m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                196m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          2m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   72m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   67m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             8m           9Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          106Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             75m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                193m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   72m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   66m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          106Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             75m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                193m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   72m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   66m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          106Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             75m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                193m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   72m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   66m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          106Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             75m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                193m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   72m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   66m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          106Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             75m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                193m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   72m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   66m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          106Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             75m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                193m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   72m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   66m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          106Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             75m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                193m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   72m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   66m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          106Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             75m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                193m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   72m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   66m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          106Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             75m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                193m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   72m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   66m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          106Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             75m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                193m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   72m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   66m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          106Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             75m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                193m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   72m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   66m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          106Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             75m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                193m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   72m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   66m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          106Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             75m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                193m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   72m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   66m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          106Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             75m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                193m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   72m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   66m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          106Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             75m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                193m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   72m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   66m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          106Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             75m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                193m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   72m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   66m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          106Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             75m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                193m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   72m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   66m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          106Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             75m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                193m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   72m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   66m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          106Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             75m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                193m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   72m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   66m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          106Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             75m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                193m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   72m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   66m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              18m          106Mi           
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             75m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        10m          10Mi            
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        128m         30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            4m           41Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                193m         18Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          3m           26Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   72m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   66m          41Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        9m           8Mi             
