NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               2m           160Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            2m           90Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        1m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        1m           62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                1m           36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         1m           44Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   1m           26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   2m           67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             2m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        1m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               2m           160Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            2m           90Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        1m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        1m           62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                1m           36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         1m           44Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   1m           26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   2m           67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             2m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        1m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               2m           160Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            2m           90Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        1m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        1m           62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                1m           36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         1m           44Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   1m           26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   2m           67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             2m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        1m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               2m           160Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            2m           90Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        1m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        1m           62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                1m           36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         1m           44Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   1m           26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   2m           67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             2m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        1m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               2m           160Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            2m           90Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        1m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        1m           62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                1m           36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         1m           44Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   1m           26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   2m           67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             2m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        1m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               2m           160Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            2m           90Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        1m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        1m           62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                1m           36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         1m           44Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   1m           26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   2m           67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             2m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        1m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               2m           160Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            2m           90Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        1m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        1m           62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                1m           36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         1m           44Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   1m           26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   2m           67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             2m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        1m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               2m           160Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            2m           90Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        1m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        1m           62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                1m           36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         1m           44Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   1m           26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   2m           67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             2m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        1m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               2m           160Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            2m           90Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        1m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        1m           62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                1m           36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         1m           44Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   1m           26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   2m           67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             2m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        1m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               2m           160Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            2m           90Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        1m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        1m           62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                1m           36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         1m           44Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   1m           26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   2m           67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             2m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        1m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               2m           160Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            2m           90Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        1m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        1m           62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                1m           36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         1m           44Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   1m           26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   2m           67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             2m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        1m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               2m           160Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            2m           90Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        1m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        1m           62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                1m           36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         1m           44Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   1m           26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   2m           67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             2m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        1m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               2m           160Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            2m           90Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        1m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        1m           62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                1m           36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         1m           44Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   1m           26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   2m           67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             2m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        1m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               2m           160Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            2m           90Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        1m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        1m           62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                1m           36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         1m           44Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   1m           26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   2m           67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             2m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        1m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               2m           160Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            2m           90Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        1m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        1m           62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                1m           36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         1m           44Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   1m           26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   2m           67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             2m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        1m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               2m           160Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            2m           90Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        1m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        1m           62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                1m           36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         1m           44Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   1m           26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   2m           67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             2m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        1m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               2m           160Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            2m           90Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        1m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        1m           62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                1m           36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         1m           44Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   1m           26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   2m           67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             2m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        1m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               2m           160Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            2m           90Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        1m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        1m           62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                1m           36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         1m           44Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   1m           26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   2m           67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             2m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        1m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               2m           160Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            2m           90Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        1m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        1m           62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                1m           36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         1m           44Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   1m           26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   2m           67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             2m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        1m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               2m           160Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            2m           90Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        1m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        1m           62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                1m           36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         1m           44Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   1m           26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   2m           67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             2m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        1m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               2m           160Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            2m           90Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        1m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        1m           62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                1m           36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         1m           44Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   1m           26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   2m           67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             2m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        1m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               2m           160Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            2m           90Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        1m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        1m           62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                1m           36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         1m           44Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   1m           26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   2m           67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             2m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        1m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               2m           160Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            2m           90Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        1m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        1m           62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                1m           36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         1m           44Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   1m           26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   2m           67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             2m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        1m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               2m           160Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            2m           90Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        1m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        1m           62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                1m           36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         1m           44Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   1m           26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   2m           67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             2m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        1m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               2m           160Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            2m           90Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        1m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        1m           62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                1m           36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         1m           44Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   1m           26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   2m           67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             2m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        1m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               2m           160Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            2m           90Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        1m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        1m           62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                1m           36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         1m           44Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   1m           26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   2m           67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             2m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        1m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               2m           160Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            2m           90Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        1m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        1m           62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                1m           36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         1m           44Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   1m           26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   2m           67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             2m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        1m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               2m           160Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            2m           90Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        1m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        1m           62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                1m           36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         1m           44Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   1m           26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   2m           67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             2m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        1m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               2m           160Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            2m           90Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        1m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        1m           62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                1m           36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         1m           44Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   1m           26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   2m           67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             2m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        1m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               2m           160Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            2m           90Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        1m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        1m           62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                1m           36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         1m           44Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   1m           26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   2m           67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             2m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        1m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               2m           160Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            2m           90Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        1m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        1m           62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                1m           36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         1m           44Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   1m           26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   2m           67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             2m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        1m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               2m           160Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            2m           90Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        1m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        1m           62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                1m           36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         1m           44Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   1m           26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   2m           67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             2m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        1m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               2m           160Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            2m           90Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        1m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        1m           62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                1m           36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         1m           44Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   1m           26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   2m           67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             2m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        1m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               2m           160Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            2m           90Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        1m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        1m           62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                1m           36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         1m           44Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   1m           26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   2m           67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             2m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        1m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               2m           160Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            2m           90Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        1m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        1m           62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                1m           36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         1m           44Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   1m           26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   2m           67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             2m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        1m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               2m           160Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            2m           90Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        1m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        1m           62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                1m           36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         1m           44Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   1m           26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   2m           67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             2m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        1m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               2m           160Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            2m           90Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        1m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        1m           62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                1m           36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         1m           44Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   1m           26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   2m           67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             2m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        1m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               2m           160Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            2m           90Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        1m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        1m           62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                1m           36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         1m           44Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   1m           26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   2m           67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             2m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        1m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               2m           160Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            2m           90Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        1m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        1m           62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                1m           36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         1m           44Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   1m           26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   2m           67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             2m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        1m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               2m           160Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            2m           90Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        1m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        1m           62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                1m           36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         1m           44Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   1m           26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   2m           67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             2m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        1m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               2m           160Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            2m           90Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        1m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        1m           62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                1m           36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         1m           44Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   1m           26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   2m           67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             2m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        1m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               2m           160Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            2m           90Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        1m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        1m           62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                1m           36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         1m           44Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   1m           26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   2m           67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             2m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        1m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               2m           160Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            2m           90Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        1m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        1m           62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                1m           36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         1m           44Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   1m           26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   2m           67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             2m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        1m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               15m          161Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            45m          90Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        7m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        96m          62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                143m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         2m           45Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   47m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   52m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             5m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        6m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               15m          161Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            45m          90Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        7m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        96m          62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                143m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         2m           45Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   47m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   52m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             5m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        6m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               15m          161Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            45m          90Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        7m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        96m          62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                143m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         2m           45Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   47m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   52m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             5m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        6m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               15m          161Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            45m          90Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        7m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        96m          62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                143m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         2m           45Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   47m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   52m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             5m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        6m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               15m          161Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            45m          90Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        7m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        96m          62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                143m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         2m           45Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   47m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   52m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             5m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        6m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               15m          161Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            45m          90Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        7m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        96m          62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                143m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         2m           45Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   47m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   52m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             5m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        6m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               15m          161Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            45m          90Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        7m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        96m          62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                143m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         2m           45Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   47m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   52m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             5m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        6m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               15m          161Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            45m          90Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        7m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        96m          62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                143m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         2m           45Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   47m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   52m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             5m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        6m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               15m          161Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            45m          90Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        7m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        96m          62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                143m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         2m           45Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   47m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   52m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             5m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        6m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               15m          161Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            45m          90Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        7m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        96m          62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                143m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         2m           45Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   47m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   52m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             5m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        6m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               15m          161Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            45m          90Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        7m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        96m          62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                143m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         2m           45Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   47m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   52m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             5m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        6m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               15m          161Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            45m          90Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        7m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        96m          62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                143m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         2m           45Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   47m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   52m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             5m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        6m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               15m          161Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            45m          90Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        7m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        96m          62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                143m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         2m           45Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   47m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   52m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             5m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        6m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               15m          161Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            45m          90Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        7m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        96m          62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                143m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         2m           45Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   47m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   52m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             5m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        6m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               15m          161Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            45m          90Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        7m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        96m          62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                143m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         2m           45Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   47m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   52m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             5m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        6m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               15m          161Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            45m          90Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        7m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        96m          62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                143m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         2m           45Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   47m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   52m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             5m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        6m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               15m          161Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            45m          90Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        7m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        96m          62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                143m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         2m           45Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   47m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   52m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             5m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        6m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               15m          161Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            45m          90Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        7m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        96m          62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                143m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         2m           45Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   47m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   52m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             5m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        6m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               15m          161Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            45m          90Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        7m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        96m          62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                143m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         2m           45Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   47m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   52m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             5m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        6m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               15m          161Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            45m          90Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        7m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        96m          62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                143m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         2m           45Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   47m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   52m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             5m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        6m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               15m          161Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            45m          90Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        7m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        96m          62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                143m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         2m           45Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   47m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   52m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             5m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        6m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               15m          161Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            45m          90Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        7m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        96m          62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                143m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         2m           45Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   47m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   52m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             5m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        6m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               15m          161Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            45m          90Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        7m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        96m          62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                143m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         2m           45Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   47m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   52m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             5m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        6m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               15m          161Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            45m          90Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        7m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        96m          62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                143m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         2m           45Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   47m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   52m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             5m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        6m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               15m          161Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            45m          90Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        7m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        96m          62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                143m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         2m           45Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   47m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   52m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             5m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        6m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               15m          161Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            45m          90Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        7m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        96m          62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                143m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         2m           45Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   47m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   52m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             5m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        6m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               15m          161Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            45m          90Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        7m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        96m          62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                143m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         2m           45Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   47m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   52m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             5m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        6m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               15m          161Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            45m          90Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        7m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        96m          62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                143m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         2m           45Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   47m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   52m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             5m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        6m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               15m          161Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            45m          90Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        7m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        96m          62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                143m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         2m           45Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   47m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   52m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             5m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        6m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               15m          161Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            45m          90Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        7m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        96m          62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                143m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         2m           45Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   47m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   52m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             5m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        6m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               15m          161Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            45m          90Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        7m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        96m          62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                143m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         2m           45Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   47m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   52m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             5m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        6m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               15m          161Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            45m          90Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        7m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        96m          62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                143m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         2m           45Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   47m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   52m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             5m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        6m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               15m          161Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            45m          90Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        7m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        96m          62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                143m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         2m           45Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   47m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   52m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             5m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        6m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               15m          161Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            45m          90Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        7m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        96m          62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                143m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         2m           45Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   47m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   52m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             5m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        6m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               15m          161Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            45m          90Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        7m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        96m          62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                143m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         2m           45Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   47m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   52m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             5m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        6m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               15m          161Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            45m          90Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        7m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        96m          62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                143m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         2m           45Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   47m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   52m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             5m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        6m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               15m          161Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            45m          90Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        7m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        96m          62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                143m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         2m           45Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   47m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   52m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             5m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        6m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               15m          161Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            45m          90Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        7m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        96m          62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                143m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         2m           45Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   47m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   52m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             5m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        6m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               15m          161Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            45m          90Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        7m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        96m          62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                143m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         2m           45Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   47m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   52m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             5m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        6m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               15m          161Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            45m          90Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        7m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        96m          62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                143m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         2m           45Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   47m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   52m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             5m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        6m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               15m          161Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            45m          90Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        7m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        96m          62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                143m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         2m           45Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   47m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   52m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             5m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        6m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               15m          161Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            45m          90Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        7m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        96m          62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                143m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         2m           45Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   47m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   52m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             5m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        6m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               15m          161Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            45m          90Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        7m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        96m          62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                143m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         2m           45Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   47m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   52m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             5m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        6m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               15m          161Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            45m          90Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        7m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        96m          62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                143m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         2m           45Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   47m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   52m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             5m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        6m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               15m          161Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            45m          90Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        7m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        96m          62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                143m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         2m           45Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   47m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   52m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             5m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        6m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               15m          161Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            45m          90Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        7m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        96m          62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                143m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         2m           45Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   47m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   52m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             5m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        6m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               15m          161Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            45m          90Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        7m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        96m          62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                143m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         2m           45Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   47m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   52m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             5m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        6m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               15m          161Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            45m          90Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        7m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        96m          62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                143m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         2m           45Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   47m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   52m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             5m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        6m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               15m          161Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            45m          90Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        7m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        96m          62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                143m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         2m           45Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   47m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   52m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             5m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        6m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               15m          161Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            45m          90Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        7m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        96m          62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                143m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         2m           45Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   47m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   52m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             5m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        6m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               15m          161Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            45m          90Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        7m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        96m          62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                143m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         2m           45Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   47m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   52m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             5m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        6m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               15m          161Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            45m          90Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        7m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        96m          62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                143m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         2m           45Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   47m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   52m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             5m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        6m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               15m          161Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            45m          90Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        7m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        96m          62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                143m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         2m           45Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   47m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   52m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             5m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        6m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               15m          161Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            45m          90Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        7m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        96m          62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                143m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         2m           45Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   47m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   52m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             5m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        6m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               15m          161Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            45m          90Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        7m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        96m          62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                143m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         2m           45Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   47m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   52m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             5m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        6m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               15m          161Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            45m          90Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        7m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        96m          62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                143m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         2m           45Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   47m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   52m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             5m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        6m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               15m          161Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            45m          90Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        7m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        96m          62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                143m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         2m           45Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   47m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   52m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             5m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        6m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               21m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            53m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        9m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        125m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                189m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         2m           45Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   61m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   69m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               21m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            53m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        9m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        125m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                189m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         2m           45Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   61m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   69m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               21m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            53m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        9m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        125m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                189m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         2m           45Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   61m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   69m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               21m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            53m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        9m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        125m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                189m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         2m           45Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   61m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   69m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               21m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            53m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        9m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        125m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                189m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         2m           45Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   61m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   69m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               21m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            53m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        9m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        125m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                189m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         2m           45Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   61m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   69m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               21m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            53m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        9m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        125m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                189m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         2m           45Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   61m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   69m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               21m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            53m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        9m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        125m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                189m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         2m           45Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   61m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   69m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               21m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            53m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        9m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        125m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                189m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         2m           45Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   61m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   69m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               21m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            53m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        9m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        125m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                189m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         2m           45Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   61m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   69m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               21m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            53m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        9m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        125m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                189m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         2m           45Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   61m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   69m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               21m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            53m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        9m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        125m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                189m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         2m           45Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   61m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   69m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               21m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            53m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        9m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        125m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                189m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         2m           45Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   61m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   69m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               21m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            53m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        9m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        125m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                189m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         2m           45Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   61m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   69m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               21m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            53m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        9m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        125m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                189m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         2m           45Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   61m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   69m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               21m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            53m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        9m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        125m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                189m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         2m           45Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   61m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   69m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               21m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            53m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        9m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        125m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                189m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         2m           45Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   61m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   69m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               21m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            53m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        9m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        125m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                189m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         2m           45Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   61m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   69m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               21m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            53m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        9m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        125m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                189m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         2m           45Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   61m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   69m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               21m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            53m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        9m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        125m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                189m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         2m           45Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   61m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   69m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               21m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            53m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        9m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        125m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                189m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         2m           45Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   61m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   69m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               21m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            53m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        9m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        125m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                189m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         2m           45Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   61m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   69m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               21m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            53m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        9m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        125m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                189m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         2m           45Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   61m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   69m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               21m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            53m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        9m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        125m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                189m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         2m           45Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   61m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   69m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               21m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            53m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        9m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        125m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                189m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         2m           45Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   61m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   69m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               21m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            53m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        9m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        125m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                189m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         2m           45Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   61m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   69m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               21m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            53m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        9m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        125m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                189m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         2m           45Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   61m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   69m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               21m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            53m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        9m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        125m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                189m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         2m           45Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   61m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   69m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               21m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            53m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        9m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        125m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                189m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         2m           45Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   61m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   69m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               21m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            53m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        9m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        125m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                189m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         2m           45Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   61m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   69m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               21m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            53m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        9m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        125m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                189m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         2m           45Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   61m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   69m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               21m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            53m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        9m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        125m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                189m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         2m           45Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   61m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   69m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               21m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            53m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        9m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        125m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                189m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         2m           45Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   61m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   69m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               21m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            53m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        9m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        125m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                189m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         2m           45Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   61m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   69m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               21m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            53m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        9m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        125m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                189m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         2m           45Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   61m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   69m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               21m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            53m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        9m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        125m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                189m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         2m           45Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   61m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   69m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               21m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            53m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        9m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        125m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                189m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         2m           45Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   61m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   69m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               21m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            53m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        9m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        125m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                189m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         2m           45Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   61m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   69m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               21m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            53m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        9m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        125m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                189m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         2m           45Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   61m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   69m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               21m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            53m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        9m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        125m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                189m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         2m           45Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   61m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   69m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               21m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            53m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        9m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        125m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                189m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         2m           45Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   61m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   69m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               21m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            53m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        9m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        125m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                189m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         2m           45Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   61m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   69m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               21m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            53m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        9m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        125m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                189m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         2m           45Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   61m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   69m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               21m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            53m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        9m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        125m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                189m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         2m           45Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   61m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   69m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               21m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            53m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        9m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        125m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                189m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         2m           45Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   61m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   69m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               21m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            53m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        9m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        125m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                189m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         2m           45Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   61m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   69m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               21m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            53m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        9m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        125m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                189m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         2m           45Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   61m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   69m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               21m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            53m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        9m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        125m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                189m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         2m           45Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   61m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   69m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               21m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            53m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        9m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        125m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                189m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         2m           45Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   61m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   69m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               21m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            53m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        9m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        125m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                189m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         2m           45Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   61m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   69m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               21m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            53m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        9m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        125m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                189m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         2m           45Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   61m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   69m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               21m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            53m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        9m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        125m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                189m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         2m           45Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   61m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   69m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               21m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            53m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        9m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        125m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                189m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         2m           45Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   61m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   69m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               21m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            53m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        9m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        125m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                189m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         2m           45Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   61m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   69m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               21m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            53m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        9m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        125m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                189m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         2m           45Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   61m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   69m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               21m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            53m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        9m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        125m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                189m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         2m           45Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   61m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   69m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               21m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            53m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        9m           22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        125m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                189m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         2m           45Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   61m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   69m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               22m          161Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            76m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        10m          22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        131m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                195m         37Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           45Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   63m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   72m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        9m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               22m          161Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            76m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        10m          22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        131m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                195m         37Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           45Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   63m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   72m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        9m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               22m          161Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            76m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        10m          22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        131m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                195m         37Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           45Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   63m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   72m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        9m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               22m          161Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            76m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        10m          22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        131m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                195m         37Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           45Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   63m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   72m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        9m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               22m          161Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            76m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        10m          22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        131m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                195m         37Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           45Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   63m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   72m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        9m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               22m          161Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            76m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        10m          22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        131m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                195m         37Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           45Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   63m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   72m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        9m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               22m          161Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            76m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        10m          22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        131m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                195m         37Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           45Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   63m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   72m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        9m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               22m          161Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            76m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        10m          22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        131m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                195m         37Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           45Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   63m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   72m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        9m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               22m          161Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            76m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        10m          22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        131m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                195m         37Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           45Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   63m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   72m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        9m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               22m          161Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            76m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        10m          22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        131m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                195m         37Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           45Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   63m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   72m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        9m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               22m          161Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            76m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        10m          22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        131m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                195m         37Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           45Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   63m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   72m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        9m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               22m          161Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            76m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        10m          22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        131m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                195m         37Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           45Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   63m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   72m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        9m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               22m          161Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            76m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        10m          22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        131m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                195m         37Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           45Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   63m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   72m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        9m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               22m          161Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            76m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        10m          22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        131m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                195m         37Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           45Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   63m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   72m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        9m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               22m          161Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            76m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        10m          22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        131m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                195m         37Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           45Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   63m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   72m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        9m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               22m          161Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            76m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        10m          22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        131m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                195m         37Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           45Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   63m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   72m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        9m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               22m          161Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            76m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        10m          22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        131m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                195m         37Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           45Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   63m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   72m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        9m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               22m          161Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            76m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        10m          22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        131m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                195m         37Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           45Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   63m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   72m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        9m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               22m          161Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            76m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        10m          22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        131m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                195m         37Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           45Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   63m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   72m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        9m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               22m          161Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            76m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        10m          22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        131m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                195m         37Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           45Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   63m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   72m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        9m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               22m          161Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            76m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        10m          22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        131m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                195m         37Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           45Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   63m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   72m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        9m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               22m          161Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            76m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        10m          22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        131m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                195m         37Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           45Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   63m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   72m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        9m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               22m          161Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            76m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        10m          22Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        131m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           4m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                195m         37Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           45Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   63m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   72m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        9m           21Mi            
