NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                2m           108Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             2m           47Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          1m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         1m           43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             2m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                1m           35Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   1m           24Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   2m           47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              2m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         1m           21Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                2m           108Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             2m           47Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          1m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         1m           43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             2m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                1m           35Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   1m           24Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   2m           47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              2m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         1m           21Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                2m           108Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             2m           47Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          1m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         1m           43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             2m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                1m           35Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   1m           24Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   2m           47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              2m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         1m           21Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                2m           108Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             2m           47Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          1m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         1m           43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             2m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                1m           35Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   1m           24Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   2m           47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              2m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         1m           21Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                2m           108Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             2m           47Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          1m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         1m           43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             2m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                1m           35Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   1m           24Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   2m           47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              2m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         1m           21Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                2m           108Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             2m           47Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          1m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         1m           43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             2m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                1m           35Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   1m           24Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   2m           47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              2m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         1m           21Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                2m           108Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             2m           47Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          1m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         1m           43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             2m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                1m           35Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   1m           24Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   2m           47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              2m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         1m           21Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                2m           108Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             2m           47Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          1m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         1m           43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             2m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                1m           35Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   1m           24Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   2m           47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              2m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         1m           21Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                2m           108Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             2m           47Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          1m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         1m           43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             2m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                1m           35Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   1m           24Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   2m           47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              2m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         1m           21Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                2m           108Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             2m           47Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          1m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         1m           43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             2m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                1m           35Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   1m           24Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   2m           47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              2m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         1m           21Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                2m           108Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             2m           47Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          1m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         1m           43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             2m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                1m           35Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   1m           24Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   2m           47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              2m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         1m           21Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                2m           108Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             2m           47Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          1m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         1m           43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             2m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                1m           35Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   1m           24Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   2m           47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              2m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         1m           21Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                2m           108Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             2m           47Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          1m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         1m           43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             2m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                1m           35Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   1m           24Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   2m           47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              2m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         1m           21Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                6m           109Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             16m          47Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          2m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         30m          44Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             2m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                41m          36Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   15m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   16m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              3m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         2m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                6m           109Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             16m          47Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          2m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         30m          44Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             2m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                41m          36Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   15m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   16m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              3m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         2m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                6m           109Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             16m          47Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          2m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         30m          44Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             2m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                41m          36Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   15m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   16m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              3m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         2m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                6m           109Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             16m          47Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          2m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         30m          44Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             2m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                41m          36Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   15m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   16m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              3m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         2m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                6m           109Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             16m          47Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          2m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         30m          44Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             2m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                41m          36Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   15m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   16m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              3m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         2m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                6m           109Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             16m          47Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          2m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         30m          44Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             2m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                41m          36Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   15m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   16m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              3m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         2m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                6m           109Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             16m          47Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          2m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         30m          44Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             2m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                41m          36Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   15m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   16m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              3m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         2m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                6m           109Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             16m          47Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          2m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         30m          44Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             2m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                41m          36Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   15m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   16m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              3m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         2m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                6m           109Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             16m          47Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          2m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         30m          44Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             2m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                41m          36Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   15m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   16m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              3m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         2m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                6m           109Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             16m          47Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          2m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         30m          44Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             2m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                41m          36Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   15m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   16m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              3m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         2m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                6m           109Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             16m          47Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          2m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         30m          44Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             2m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                41m          36Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   15m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   16m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              3m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         2m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                6m           109Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             16m          47Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          2m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         30m          44Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             2m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                41m          36Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   15m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   16m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              3m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         2m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                6m           109Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             16m          47Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          2m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         30m          44Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             2m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                41m          36Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   15m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   16m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              3m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         2m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                6m           109Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             16m          47Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          2m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         30m          44Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             2m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                41m          36Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   15m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   16m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              3m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         2m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                6m           109Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             16m          47Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          2m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         30m          44Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             2m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                41m          36Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   15m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   16m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              3m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         2m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                6m           109Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             16m          47Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          2m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         30m          44Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             2m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                41m          36Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   15m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   16m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              3m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         2m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                6m           109Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             16m          47Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          2m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         30m          44Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             2m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                41m          36Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   15m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   16m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              3m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         2m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                6m           109Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             16m          47Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          2m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         30m          44Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             2m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                41m          36Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   15m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   16m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              3m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         2m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                6m           109Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             16m          47Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          2m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         30m          44Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             2m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                41m          36Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   15m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   16m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              3m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         2m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                6m           109Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             16m          47Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          2m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         30m          44Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             2m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                41m          36Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   15m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   16m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              3m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         2m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                6m           109Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             16m          47Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          2m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         30m          44Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             2m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                41m          36Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   15m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   16m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              3m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         2m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                6m           109Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             16m          47Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          2m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         30m          44Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             2m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                41m          36Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   15m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   16m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              3m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         2m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                6m           109Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             16m          47Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          2m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         30m          44Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             2m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                41m          36Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   15m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   16m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              3m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         2m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                6m           109Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             16m          47Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          2m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         30m          44Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             2m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                41m          36Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   15m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   16m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              3m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         2m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                6m           109Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             16m          47Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          2m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         30m          44Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             2m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                41m          36Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   15m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   16m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              3m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         2m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                6m           109Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             16m          47Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          2m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         30m          44Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             2m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                41m          36Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   15m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   16m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              3m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         2m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                6m           109Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             16m          47Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          2m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         30m          44Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             2m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                41m          36Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   15m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   16m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              3m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         2m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                6m           109Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             16m          47Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          2m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         30m          44Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             2m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                41m          36Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   15m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   16m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              3m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         2m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                6m           109Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             16m          47Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          2m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         30m          44Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             2m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                41m          36Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   15m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   16m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              3m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         2m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                6m           109Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             16m          47Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          2m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         30m          44Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             2m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                41m          36Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   15m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   16m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              3m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         2m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                6m           109Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             16m          47Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          2m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         30m          44Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             2m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                41m          36Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   15m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   16m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              3m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         2m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                6m           109Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             16m          47Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          2m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         30m          44Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             2m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                41m          36Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   15m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   16m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              3m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         2m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                6m           109Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             16m          47Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          2m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         30m          44Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             2m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                41m          36Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   15m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   16m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              3m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         2m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                6m           109Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             16m          47Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          2m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         30m          44Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             2m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                41m          36Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   15m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   16m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              3m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         2m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                6m           109Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             16m          47Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          2m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         30m          44Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             2m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                41m          36Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   15m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   16m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              3m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         2m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                6m           109Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             16m          47Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          2m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         30m          44Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             2m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                41m          36Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   15m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   16m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              3m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         2m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                6m           109Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             16m          47Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          2m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         30m          44Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             2m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                41m          36Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   15m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   16m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              3m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         2m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                6m           109Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             16m          47Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          2m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         30m          44Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             2m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                41m          36Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   15m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   16m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              3m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         2m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                6m           109Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             16m          47Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          2m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         30m          44Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             2m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                41m          36Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   15m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   16m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              3m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         2m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                6m           109Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             16m          47Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          2m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         30m          44Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             2m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                41m          36Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   15m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   16m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              3m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         2m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                6m           109Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             16m          47Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          2m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         30m          44Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             2m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                41m          36Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   15m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   16m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              3m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         2m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                6m           109Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             16m          47Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          2m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         30m          44Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             2m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                41m          36Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   15m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   16m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              3m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         2m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                6m           109Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             16m          47Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          2m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         30m          44Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             2m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                41m          36Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   15m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   16m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              3m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         2m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                6m           109Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             16m          47Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          2m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         30m          44Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             2m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                41m          36Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   15m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   16m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              3m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         2m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                6m           109Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             16m          47Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          2m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         30m          44Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             2m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                41m          36Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   15m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   16m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              3m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         2m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                6m           109Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             16m          47Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          2m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         30m          44Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             2m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                41m          36Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   15m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   16m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              3m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         2m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                6m           109Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             16m          47Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          2m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         30m          44Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             2m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                41m          36Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   15m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   16m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              3m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         2m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                6m           109Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             16m          47Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          2m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         30m          44Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             2m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                41m          36Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   15m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   16m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              3m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         2m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                6m           109Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             16m          47Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          2m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         30m          44Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             2m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                41m          36Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   15m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   16m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              3m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         2m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                6m           109Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             16m          47Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          2m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         30m          44Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             2m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                41m          36Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   15m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   16m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              3m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         2m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                6m           109Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             16m          47Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          2m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         30m          44Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             2m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                41m          36Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   15m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   16m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              3m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         2m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                6m           109Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             16m          47Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          2m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         30m          44Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             2m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                41m          36Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   15m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   16m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              3m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         2m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                6m           109Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             16m          47Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          2m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         30m          44Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             2m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                41m          36Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   15m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   16m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              3m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         2m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                6m           109Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             16m          47Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          2m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         30m          44Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             2m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                41m          36Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   15m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   16m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              3m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         2m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                6m           109Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             16m          47Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          2m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         30m          44Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             2m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                41m          36Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   15m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   16m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              3m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         2m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                6m           109Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             16m          47Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          2m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         30m          44Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             2m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                41m          36Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   15m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   16m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              3m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         2m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                6m           109Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             16m          47Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          2m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         30m          44Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             2m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                41m          36Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          1m           23Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   15m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   16m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              3m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         2m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                24m          110Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             56m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          9m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         125m         43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             3m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                186m         35Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          3m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   61m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   69m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         8m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                24m          110Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             56m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          9m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         125m         43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             3m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                186m         35Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          3m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   61m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   69m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         8m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                24m          110Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             56m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          9m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         125m         43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             3m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                186m         35Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          3m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   61m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   69m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         8m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                24m          110Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             56m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          9m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         125m         43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             3m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                186m         35Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          3m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   61m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   69m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         8m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                24m          110Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             56m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          9m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         125m         43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             3m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                186m         35Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          3m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   61m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   69m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         8m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                24m          110Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             56m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          9m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         125m         43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             3m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                186m         35Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          3m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   61m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   69m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         8m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                24m          110Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             56m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          9m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         125m         43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             3m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                186m         35Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          3m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   61m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   69m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         8m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                24m          110Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             56m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          9m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         125m         43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             3m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                186m         35Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          3m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   61m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   69m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         8m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                24m          110Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             56m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          9m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         125m         43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             3m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                186m         35Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          3m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   61m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   69m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         8m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                24m          110Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             56m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          9m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         125m         43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             3m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                186m         35Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          3m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   61m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   69m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         8m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                24m          110Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             56m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          9m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         125m         43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             3m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                186m         35Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          3m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   61m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   69m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         8m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                24m          110Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             56m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          9m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         125m         43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             3m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                186m         35Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          3m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   61m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   69m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         8m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                24m          110Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             56m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          9m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         125m         43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             3m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                186m         35Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          3m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   61m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   69m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         8m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                24m          110Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             56m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          9m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         125m         43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             3m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                186m         35Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          3m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   61m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   69m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         8m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                24m          110Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             56m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          9m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         125m         43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             3m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                186m         35Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          3m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   61m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   69m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         8m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                24m          110Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             56m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          9m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         125m         43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             3m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                186m         35Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          3m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   61m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   69m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         8m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                24m          110Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             56m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          9m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         125m         43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             3m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                186m         35Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          3m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   61m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   69m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         8m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                24m          110Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             56m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          9m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         125m         43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             3m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                186m         35Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          3m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   61m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   69m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         8m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                24m          110Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             56m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          9m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         125m         43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             3m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                186m         35Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          3m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   61m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   69m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         8m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                24m          110Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             56m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          9m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         125m         43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             3m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                186m         35Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          3m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   61m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   69m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         8m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                24m          110Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             56m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          9m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         125m         43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             3m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                186m         35Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          3m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   61m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   69m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         8m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                24m          110Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             56m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          9m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         125m         43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             3m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                186m         35Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          3m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   61m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   69m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         8m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                24m          110Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             56m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          9m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         125m         43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             3m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                186m         35Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          3m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   61m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   69m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         8m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                24m          110Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             56m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          9m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         125m         43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             3m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                186m         35Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          3m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   61m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   69m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         8m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                24m          110Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             56m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          9m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         125m         43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             3m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                186m         35Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          3m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   61m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   69m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         8m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                24m          110Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             56m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          9m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         125m         43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             3m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                186m         35Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          3m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   61m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   69m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         8m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                24m          110Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             56m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          9m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         125m         43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             3m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                186m         35Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          3m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   61m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   69m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         8m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                24m          110Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             56m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          9m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         125m         43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             3m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                186m         35Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          3m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   61m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   69m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         8m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                24m          110Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             56m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          9m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         125m         43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             3m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                186m         35Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          3m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   61m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   69m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         8m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                24m          110Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             56m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          9m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         125m         43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             3m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                186m         35Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          3m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   61m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   69m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         8m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                24m          110Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             56m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          9m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         125m         43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             3m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                186m         35Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          3m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   61m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   69m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         8m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                24m          110Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             56m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          9m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         125m         43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             3m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                186m         35Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          3m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   61m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   69m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         8m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                24m          110Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             56m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          9m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         125m         43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             3m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                186m         35Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          3m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   61m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   69m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         8m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                24m          110Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             56m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          9m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         125m         43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             3m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                186m         35Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          3m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   61m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   69m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         8m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                24m          110Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             56m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          9m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         125m         43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             3m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                186m         35Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          3m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   61m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   69m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         8m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                24m          110Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             56m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          9m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         125m         43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             3m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                186m         35Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          3m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   61m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   69m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         8m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                24m          110Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             56m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          9m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         125m         43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             3m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                186m         35Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          3m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   61m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   69m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         8m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                24m          110Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             56m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          9m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         125m         43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             3m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                186m         35Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          3m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   61m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   69m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         8m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                24m          110Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             56m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          9m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         125m         43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             3m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                186m         35Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          3m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   61m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   69m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         8m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                24m          110Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             56m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          9m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         125m         43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             3m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                186m         35Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          3m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   61m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   69m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         8m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                24m          110Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             56m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          9m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         125m         43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             3m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                186m         35Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          3m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   61m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   69m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         8m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                24m          110Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             56m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          9m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         125m         43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             3m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                186m         35Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          3m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   61m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   69m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         8m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                24m          110Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             56m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          9m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         125m         43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             3m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                186m         35Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          3m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   61m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   69m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         8m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                24m          110Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             56m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          9m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         125m         43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             3m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                186m         35Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          3m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   61m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   69m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         8m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                24m          110Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             56m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          9m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         125m         43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             3m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                186m         35Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          3m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   61m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   69m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         8m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                24m          110Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             56m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          9m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         125m         43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             3m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                186m         35Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          3m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   61m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   69m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         8m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                24m          110Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             56m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          9m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         125m         43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             3m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                186m         35Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          3m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   61m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   69m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         8m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                24m          110Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             56m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          9m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         125m         43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             3m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                186m         35Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          3m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   61m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   69m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         8m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                24m          110Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             56m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          9m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         125m         43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             3m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                186m         35Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          3m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   61m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   69m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         8m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                24m          110Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             56m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          9m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         125m         43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             3m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                186m         35Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          3m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   61m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   69m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         8m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                24m          110Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             56m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          9m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         125m         43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             3m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                186m         35Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          3m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   61m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   69m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         8m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                24m          110Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             56m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          9m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         125m         43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             3m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                186m         35Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          3m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   61m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   69m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         8m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                24m          110Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             56m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          9m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         125m         43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             3m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                186m         35Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          3m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   61m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   69m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         8m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                24m          110Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             56m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          9m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         125m         43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             3m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                186m         35Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          3m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   61m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   69m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         8m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                24m          110Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             56m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          9m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         125m         43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             3m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                186m         35Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          3m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   61m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   69m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         8m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                24m          110Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             56m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          9m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         125m         43Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             3m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                186m         35Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          3m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   61m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   69m          47Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         8m           20Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                21m          110Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             72m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          9m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         134m         44Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                194m         37Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          3m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   64m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   73m          48Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         9m           21Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                21m          110Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             72m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          9m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         134m         44Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                194m         37Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          3m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   64m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   73m          48Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         9m           21Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                21m          110Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             72m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          9m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         134m         44Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                194m         37Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          3m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   64m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   73m          48Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         9m           21Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                21m          110Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             72m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          9m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         134m         44Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                194m         37Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          3m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   64m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   73m          48Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         9m           21Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                21m          110Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             72m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          9m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         134m         44Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                194m         37Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          3m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   64m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   73m          48Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         9m           21Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                21m          110Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             72m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          9m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         134m         44Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                194m         37Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          3m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   64m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   73m          48Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         9m           21Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                21m          110Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             72m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          9m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         134m         44Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                194m         37Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          3m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   64m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   73m          48Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         9m           21Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                21m          110Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             72m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          9m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         134m         44Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                194m         37Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          3m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   64m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   73m          48Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         9m           21Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                21m          110Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             72m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          9m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         134m         44Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                194m         37Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          3m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   64m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   73m          48Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         9m           21Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                21m          110Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             72m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          9m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         134m         44Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                194m         37Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          3m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   64m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   73m          48Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         9m           21Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                21m          110Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             72m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          9m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         134m         44Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                194m         37Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          3m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   64m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   73m          48Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         9m           21Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                21m          110Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             72m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          9m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         134m         44Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                194m         37Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          3m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   64m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   73m          48Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         9m           21Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                21m          110Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             72m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          9m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         134m         44Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                194m         37Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          3m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   64m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   73m          48Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         9m           21Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                21m          110Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             72m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          9m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         134m         44Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                194m         37Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          3m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   64m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   73m          48Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         9m           21Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                21m          110Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             72m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          9m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         134m         44Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                194m         37Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          3m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   64m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   73m          48Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         9m           21Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                21m          110Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             72m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          9m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         134m         44Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                194m         37Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          3m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   64m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   73m          48Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         9m           21Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                21m          110Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             72m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          9m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         134m         44Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                194m         37Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          3m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   64m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   73m          48Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         9m           21Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                21m          110Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             72m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          9m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         134m         44Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                194m         37Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          3m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   64m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   73m          48Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         9m           21Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                21m          110Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             72m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          9m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         134m         44Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                194m         37Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          3m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   64m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   73m          48Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         9m           21Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                21m          110Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             72m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          9m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         134m         44Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                194m         37Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          3m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   64m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   73m          48Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         9m           21Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                21m          110Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             72m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          9m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         134m         44Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                194m         37Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          3m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   64m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   73m          48Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         9m           21Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                21m          110Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             72m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          9m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         134m         44Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                194m         37Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          3m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   64m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   73m          48Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         9m           21Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                21m          110Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             72m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          9m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         134m         44Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                194m         37Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          3m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   64m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   73m          48Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         9m           21Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                21m          110Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             72m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          9m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         134m         44Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                194m         37Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          3m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   64m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   73m          48Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         9m           21Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                21m          110Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             72m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          9m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         134m         44Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                194m         37Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          3m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   64m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   73m          48Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         9m           21Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                21m          110Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             72m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          9m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         134m         44Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                194m         37Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          3m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   64m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   73m          48Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         9m           21Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                21m          110Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             72m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          9m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         134m         44Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                194m         37Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          3m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   64m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   73m          48Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         9m           21Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                21m          110Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             72m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          9m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         134m         44Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                194m         37Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          3m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   64m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   73m          48Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         9m           21Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                21m          110Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             72m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          9m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         134m         44Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                194m         37Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          3m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   64m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   73m          48Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         9m           21Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                21m          110Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             72m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          9m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         134m         44Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                194m         37Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          3m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   64m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   73m          48Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         9m           21Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                21m          110Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             72m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          9m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         134m         44Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                194m         37Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          3m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   64m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   73m          48Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         9m           21Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                21m          110Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             72m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          9m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         134m         44Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                194m         37Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          3m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   64m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   73m          48Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         9m           21Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                21m          110Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             72m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          9m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         134m         44Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                194m         37Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          3m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   64m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   73m          48Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         9m           21Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                21m          110Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             72m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          9m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         134m         44Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                194m         37Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          3m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   64m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   73m          48Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         9m           21Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                21m          110Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             72m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          9m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         134m         44Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                194m         37Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          3m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   64m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   73m          48Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         9m           21Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                21m          110Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             72m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          9m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         134m         44Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                194m         37Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          3m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   64m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   73m          48Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         9m           21Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                21m          110Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             72m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          9m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         134m         44Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                194m         37Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          3m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   64m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   73m          48Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         9m           21Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                21m          110Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             72m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          9m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         134m         44Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                194m         37Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          3m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   64m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   73m          48Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         9m           21Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                21m          110Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             72m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          9m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         134m         44Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                194m         37Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          3m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   64m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   73m          48Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         9m           21Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                21m          110Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             72m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          9m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         134m         44Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                194m         37Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          3m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   64m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   73m          48Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         9m           21Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                21m          110Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             72m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          9m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         134m         44Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                194m         37Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          3m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   64m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   73m          48Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         9m           21Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                21m          110Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             72m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          9m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         134m         44Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                194m         37Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          3m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   64m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   73m          48Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         9m           21Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                21m          110Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             72m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          9m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         134m         44Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                194m         37Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          3m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   64m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   73m          48Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         9m           21Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                21m          110Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             72m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          9m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         134m         44Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                194m         37Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          3m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   64m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   73m          48Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         9m           21Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                21m          110Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             72m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          9m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         134m         44Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                194m         37Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          3m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   64m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   73m          48Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         9m           21Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                21m          110Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             72m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          9m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         134m         44Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                194m         37Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          3m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   64m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   73m          48Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         9m           21Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                21m          110Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             72m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          9m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         134m         44Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                194m         37Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          3m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   64m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   73m          48Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         9m           21Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                21m          110Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             72m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          9m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         134m         44Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                194m         37Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          3m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   64m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   73m          48Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         9m           21Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                21m          110Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             72m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          9m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         134m         44Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                194m         37Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          3m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   64m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   73m          48Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         9m           21Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                21m          110Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             72m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          9m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         134m         44Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                194m         37Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          3m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   64m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   73m          48Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         9m           21Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                21m          110Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             72m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          9m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         134m         44Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                194m         37Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          3m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   64m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   73m          48Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         9m           21Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                21m          110Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             72m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          9m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         134m         44Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                194m         37Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          3m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   64m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   73m          48Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         9m           21Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                21m          110Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             72m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          9m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         134m         44Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                194m         37Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          3m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   64m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   73m          48Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         9m           21Mi            
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-97dff5778-s2jfj                21m          110Mi           
cartservice-7ff66b4cff-p9cvr             72m          46Mi            
checkoutservice-ddfbbbd5f-r2zsx          9m           22Mi            
currencyservice-64c59fdfd8-25p2d         134m         44Mi            
emailservice-ccdc486f9-7cphj             4m           47Mi            
frontend-78b5944dd5-bfcsx                194m         37Mi            
paymentservice-694669c847-f7gmq          3m           24Mi            
productcatalogservice-778c957bfc-drhbt   64m          23Mi            
recommendationservice-55b6cd5b6b-spt4d   73m          48Mi            
redis-cart-7cfd88b9b7-6nszq              6m           9Mi             
shippingservice-58f9f467d7-g7v6r         9m           21Mi            
