NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               1m           161Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            2m           91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        1m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        1m           62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                1m           35Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         1m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   1m           26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   2m           67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             2m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        1m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               1m           161Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            2m           91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        1m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        1m           62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                1m           35Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         1m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   1m           26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   2m           67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             2m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        1m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               1m           161Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            2m           91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        1m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        1m           62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                1m           35Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         1m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   1m           26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   2m           67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             2m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        1m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               1m           161Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            2m           91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        1m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        1m           62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                1m           35Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         1m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   1m           26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   2m           67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             2m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        1m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               1m           161Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            2m           91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        1m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        1m           62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                1m           35Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         1m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   1m           26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   2m           67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             2m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        1m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               1m           161Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            2m           91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        1m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        1m           62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                1m           35Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         1m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   1m           26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   2m           67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             2m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        1m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               1m           161Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            2m           91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        1m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        1m           62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                1m           35Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         1m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   1m           26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   2m           67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             2m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        1m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               1m           161Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            2m           91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        1m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        1m           62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                1m           35Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         1m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   1m           26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   2m           67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             2m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        1m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               1m           161Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            2m           91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        1m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        1m           62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                1m           35Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         1m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   1m           26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   2m           67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             2m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        1m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               1m           161Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            2m           91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        1m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        1m           62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                1m           35Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         1m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   1m           26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   2m           67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             2m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        1m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               1m           161Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            2m           91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        1m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        1m           62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                1m           35Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         1m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   1m           26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   2m           67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             2m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        1m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               1m           161Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            2m           91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        1m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        1m           62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                1m           35Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         1m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   1m           26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   2m           67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             2m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        1m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               1m           161Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            2m           91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        1m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        1m           62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                1m           35Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         1m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   1m           26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   2m           67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             2m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        1m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               1m           161Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            2m           91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        1m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        1m           62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                1m           35Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         1m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   1m           26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   2m           67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             2m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        1m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               1m           161Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            2m           91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        1m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        1m           62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                1m           35Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         1m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   1m           26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   2m           67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             2m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        1m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               1m           161Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            2m           91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        1m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        1m           62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                1m           35Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         1m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   1m           26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   2m           67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             2m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        1m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               1m           161Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            2m           91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        1m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        1m           62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                1m           35Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         1m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   1m           26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   2m           67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             2m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        1m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               1m           161Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            2m           91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        1m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        1m           62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                1m           35Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         1m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   1m           26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   2m           67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             2m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        1m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               1m           161Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            2m           91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        1m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        1m           62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                1m           35Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         1m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   1m           26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   2m           67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             2m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        1m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               1m           161Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            2m           91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        1m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        1m           62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                1m           35Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         1m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   1m           26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   2m           67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             2m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        1m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               1m           161Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            2m           91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        1m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        1m           62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                1m           35Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         1m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   1m           26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   2m           67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             2m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        1m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               1m           161Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            2m           91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        1m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        1m           62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                1m           35Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         1m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   1m           26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   2m           67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             2m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        1m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               1m           161Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            2m           91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        1m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        1m           62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                1m           35Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         1m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   1m           26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   2m           67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             2m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        1m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               1m           161Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            2m           91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        1m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        1m           62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                1m           35Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         1m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   1m           26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   2m           67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             2m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        1m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               1m           161Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            2m           91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        1m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        1m           62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                1m           35Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         1m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   1m           26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   2m           67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             2m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        1m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               1m           161Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            2m           91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        1m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        1m           62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                1m           35Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         1m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   1m           26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   2m           67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             2m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        1m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               1m           161Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            2m           91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        1m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        1m           62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                1m           35Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         1m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   1m           26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   2m           67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             2m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        1m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               1m           161Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            2m           91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        1m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        1m           62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                1m           35Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         1m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   1m           26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   2m           67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             2m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        1m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               1m           161Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            2m           91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        1m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        1m           62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                1m           35Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         1m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   1m           26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   2m           67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             2m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        1m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               1m           161Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            2m           91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        1m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        1m           62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                1m           35Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         1m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   1m           26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   2m           67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             2m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        1m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               1m           161Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            2m           91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        1m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        1m           62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                1m           35Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         1m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   1m           26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   2m           67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             2m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        1m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               1m           161Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            2m           91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        1m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        1m           62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                1m           35Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         1m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   1m           26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   2m           67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             2m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        1m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               1m           161Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            2m           91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        1m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        1m           62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                1m           35Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         1m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   1m           26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   2m           67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             2m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        1m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               1m           161Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            2m           91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        1m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        1m           62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           2m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                1m           35Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         1m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   1m           26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   2m           67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             2m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        1m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               12m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            32m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        5m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        74m          62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                110m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         2m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   36m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   40m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             4m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        5m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               12m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            32m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        5m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        74m          62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                110m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         2m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   36m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   40m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             4m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        5m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               12m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            32m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        5m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        74m          62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                110m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         2m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   36m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   40m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             4m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        5m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               12m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            32m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        5m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        74m          62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                110m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         2m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   36m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   40m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             4m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        5m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               12m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            32m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        5m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        74m          62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                110m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         2m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   36m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   40m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             4m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        5m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               12m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            32m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        5m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        74m          62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                110m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         2m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   36m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   40m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             4m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        5m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               12m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            32m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        5m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        74m          62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                110m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         2m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   36m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   40m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             4m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        5m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               12m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            32m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        5m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        74m          62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                110m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         2m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   36m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   40m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             4m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        5m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               12m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            32m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        5m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        74m          62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                110m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         2m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   36m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   40m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             4m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        5m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               12m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            32m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        5m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        74m          62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                110m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         2m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   36m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   40m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             4m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        5m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               12m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            32m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        5m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        74m          62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                110m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         2m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   36m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   40m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             4m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        5m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               12m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            32m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        5m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        74m          62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                110m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         2m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   36m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   40m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             4m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        5m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               12m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            32m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        5m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        74m          62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                110m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         2m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   36m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   40m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             4m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        5m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               12m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            32m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        5m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        74m          62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                110m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         2m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   36m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   40m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             4m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        5m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               12m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            32m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        5m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        74m          62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                110m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         2m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   36m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   40m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             4m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        5m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               12m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            32m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        5m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        74m          62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                110m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         2m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   36m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   40m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             4m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        5m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               12m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            32m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        5m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        74m          62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                110m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         2m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   36m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   40m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             4m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        5m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               12m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            32m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        5m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        74m          62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                110m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         2m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   36m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   40m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             4m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        5m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               12m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            32m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        5m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        74m          62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                110m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         2m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   36m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   40m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             4m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        5m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               12m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            32m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        5m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        74m          62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                110m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         2m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   36m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   40m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             4m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        5m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               12m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            32m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        5m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        74m          62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                110m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         2m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   36m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   40m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             4m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        5m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               12m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            32m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        5m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        74m          62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                110m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         2m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   36m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   40m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             4m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        5m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               12m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            32m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        5m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        74m          62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                110m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         2m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   36m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   40m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             4m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        5m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               12m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            32m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        5m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        74m          62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                110m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         2m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   36m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   40m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             4m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        5m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               12m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            32m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        5m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        74m          62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                110m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         2m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   36m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   40m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             4m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        5m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               12m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            32m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        5m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        74m          62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                110m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         2m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   36m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   40m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             4m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        5m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               12m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            32m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        5m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        74m          62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                110m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         2m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   36m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   40m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             4m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        5m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               12m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            32m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        5m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        74m          62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                110m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         2m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   36m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   40m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             4m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        5m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               12m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            32m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        5m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        74m          62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                110m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         2m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   36m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   40m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             4m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        5m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               12m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            32m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        5m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        74m          62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                110m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         2m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   36m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   40m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             4m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        5m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               12m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            32m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        5m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        74m          62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                110m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         2m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   36m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   40m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             4m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        5m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               12m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            32m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        5m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        74m          62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                110m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         2m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   36m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   40m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             4m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        5m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               12m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            32m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        5m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        74m          62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                110m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         2m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   36m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   40m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             4m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        5m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               12m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            32m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        5m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        74m          62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                110m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         2m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   36m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   40m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             4m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        5m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               12m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            32m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        5m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        74m          62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                110m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         2m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   36m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   40m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             4m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        5m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               12m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            32m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        5m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        74m          62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                110m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         2m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   36m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   40m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             4m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        5m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               12m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            32m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        5m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        74m          62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                110m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         2m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   36m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   40m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             4m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        5m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               12m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            32m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        5m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        74m          62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                110m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         2m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   36m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   40m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             4m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        5m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               12m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            32m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        5m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        74m          62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                110m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         2m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   36m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   40m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             4m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        5m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               12m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            32m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        5m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        74m          62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                110m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         2m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   36m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   40m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             4m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        5m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               12m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            32m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        5m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        74m          62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                110m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         2m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   36m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   40m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             4m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        5m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               12m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            32m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        5m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        74m          62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                110m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         2m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   36m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   40m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             4m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        5m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               12m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            32m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        5m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        74m          62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                110m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         2m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   36m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   40m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             4m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        5m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               12m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            32m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        5m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        74m          62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                110m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         2m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   36m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   40m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             4m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        5m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               12m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            32m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        5m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        74m          62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                110m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         2m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   36m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   40m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             4m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        5m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               12m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            32m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        5m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        74m          62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                110m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         2m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   36m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   40m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             4m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        5m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               12m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            32m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        5m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        74m          62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                110m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         2m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   36m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   40m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             4m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        5m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               12m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            32m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        5m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        74m          62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                110m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         2m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   36m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   40m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             4m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        5m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               12m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            32m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        5m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        74m          62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                110m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         2m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   36m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   40m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             4m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        5m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               12m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            32m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        5m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        74m          62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                110m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         2m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   36m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   40m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             4m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        5m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               12m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            32m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        5m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        74m          62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                110m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         2m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   36m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   40m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             4m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        5m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               12m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            32m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        5m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        74m          62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                110m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         2m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   36m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   40m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             4m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        5m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               12m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            32m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        5m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        74m          62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                110m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         2m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   36m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   40m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             4m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        5m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               12m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            32m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        5m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        74m          62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                110m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         2m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   36m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   40m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             4m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        5m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               12m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            32m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        5m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        74m          62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                110m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         2m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   36m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   40m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             4m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        5m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               12m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            32m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        5m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        74m          62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                110m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         2m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   36m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   40m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             4m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        5m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               12m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            32m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        5m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        74m          62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                110m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         2m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   36m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   40m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             4m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        5m           20Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               18m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            53m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        8m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        120m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                179m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   57m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   65m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               18m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            53m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        8m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        120m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                179m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   57m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   65m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               18m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            53m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        8m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        120m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                179m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   57m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   65m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               18m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            53m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        8m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        120m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                179m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   57m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   65m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               18m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            53m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        8m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        120m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                179m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   57m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   65m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               18m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            53m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        8m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        120m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                179m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   57m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   65m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               18m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            53m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        8m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        120m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                179m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   57m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   65m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               18m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            53m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        8m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        120m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                179m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   57m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   65m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               18m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            53m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        8m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        120m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                179m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   57m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   65m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               18m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            53m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        8m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        120m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                179m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   57m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   65m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               18m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            53m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        8m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        120m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                179m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   57m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   65m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               18m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            53m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        8m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        120m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                179m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   57m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   65m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               18m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            53m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        8m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        120m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                179m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   57m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   65m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               18m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            53m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        8m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        120m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                179m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   57m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   65m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               18m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            53m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        8m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        120m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                179m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   57m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   65m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               18m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            53m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        8m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        120m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                179m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   57m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   65m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               18m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            53m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        8m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        120m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                179m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   57m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   65m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               18m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            53m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        8m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        120m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                179m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   57m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   65m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               18m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            53m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        8m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        120m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                179m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   57m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   65m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               18m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            53m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        8m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        120m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                179m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   57m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   65m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               18m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            53m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        8m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        120m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                179m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   57m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   65m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               18m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            53m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        8m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        120m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                179m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   57m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   65m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               18m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            53m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        8m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        120m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                179m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   57m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   65m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               18m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            53m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        8m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        120m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                179m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   57m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   65m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               18m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            53m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        8m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        120m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                179m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   57m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   65m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               18m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            53m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        8m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        120m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                179m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   57m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   65m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               18m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            53m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        8m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        120m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                179m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   57m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   65m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               18m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            53m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        8m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        120m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                179m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   57m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   65m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               18m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            53m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        8m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        120m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                179m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   57m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   65m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               18m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            53m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        8m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        120m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                179m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   57m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   65m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               18m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            53m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        8m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        120m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                179m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   57m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   65m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               18m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            53m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        8m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        120m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                179m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   57m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   65m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               18m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            53m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        8m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        120m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                179m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   57m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   65m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               18m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            53m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        8m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        120m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                179m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   57m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   65m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               18m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            53m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        8m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        120m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                179m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   57m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   65m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               18m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            53m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        8m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        120m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                179m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   57m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   65m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               18m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            53m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        8m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        120m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                179m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   57m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   65m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               18m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            53m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        8m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        120m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                179m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   57m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   65m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               18m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            53m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        8m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        120m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                179m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   57m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   65m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               18m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            53m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        8m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        120m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                179m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   57m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   65m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               18m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            53m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        8m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        120m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                179m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   57m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   65m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               18m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            53m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        8m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        120m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                179m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   57m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   65m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               18m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            53m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        8m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        120m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                179m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   57m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   65m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               18m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            53m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        8m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        120m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                179m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   57m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   65m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               18m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            53m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        8m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        120m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                179m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   57m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   65m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               18m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            53m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        8m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        120m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                179m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   57m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   65m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               18m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            53m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        8m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        120m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                179m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   57m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   65m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               18m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            53m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        8m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        120m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                179m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   57m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   65m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               18m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            53m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        8m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        120m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                179m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   57m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   65m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               18m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            53m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        8m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        120m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                179m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   57m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   65m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               18m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            53m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        8m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        120m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                179m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   57m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   65m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               18m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            53m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        8m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        120m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                179m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   57m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   65m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               18m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            53m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        8m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        120m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                179m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   57m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   65m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               18m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            53m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        8m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        120m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                179m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   57m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   65m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               18m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            53m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        8m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        120m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                179m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   57m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   65m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               18m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            53m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        8m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        120m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                179m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   57m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   65m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               18m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            53m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        8m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        120m         62Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                179m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         3m           46Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   57m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   65m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               19m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            54m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        9m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        126m         63Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                188m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         2m           45Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   62m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   69m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               19m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            54m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        9m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        126m         63Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                188m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         2m           45Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   62m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   69m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               19m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            54m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        9m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        126m         63Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                188m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         2m           45Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   62m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   69m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               19m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            54m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        9m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        126m         63Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                188m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         2m           45Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   62m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   69m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               19m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            54m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        9m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        126m         63Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                188m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         2m           45Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   62m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   69m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               19m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            54m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        9m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        126m         63Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                188m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         2m           45Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   62m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   69m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               19m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            54m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        9m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        126m         63Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                188m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         2m           45Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   62m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   69m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               19m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            54m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        9m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        126m         63Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                188m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         2m           45Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   62m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   69m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               19m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            54m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        9m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        126m         63Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                188m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         2m           45Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   62m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   69m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               19m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            54m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        9m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        126m         63Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                188m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         2m           45Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   62m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   69m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               19m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            54m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        9m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        126m         63Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                188m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         2m           45Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   62m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   69m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               19m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            54m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        9m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        126m         63Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                188m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         2m           45Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   62m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   69m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               19m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            54m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        9m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        126m         63Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                188m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         2m           45Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   62m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   69m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               19m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            54m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        9m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        126m         63Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                188m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         2m           45Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   62m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   69m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               19m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            54m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        9m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        126m         63Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                188m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         2m           45Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   62m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   69m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               19m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            54m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        9m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        126m         63Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                188m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         2m           45Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   62m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   69m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               19m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            54m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        9m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        126m         63Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                188m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         2m           45Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   62m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   69m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               19m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            54m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        9m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        126m         63Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                188m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         2m           45Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   62m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   69m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               19m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            54m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        9m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        126m         63Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                188m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         2m           45Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   62m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   69m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               19m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            54m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        9m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        126m         63Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                188m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         2m           45Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   62m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   69m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               19m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            54m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        9m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        126m         63Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                188m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         2m           45Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   62m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   69m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               19m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            54m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        9m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        126m         63Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                188m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         2m           45Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   62m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   69m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               19m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            54m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        9m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        126m         63Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                188m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         2m           45Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   62m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   69m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               19m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            54m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        9m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        126m         63Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                188m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         2m           45Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   62m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   69m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               19m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            54m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        9m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        126m         63Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                188m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         2m           45Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   62m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   69m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               19m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            54m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        9m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        126m         63Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                188m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         2m           45Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   62m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   69m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               19m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            54m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        9m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        126m         63Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                188m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         2m           45Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   62m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   69m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               19m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            54m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        9m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        126m         63Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                188m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         2m           45Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   62m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   69m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               19m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            54m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        9m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        126m         63Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                188m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         2m           45Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   62m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   69m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               19m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            54m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        9m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        126m         63Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                188m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         2m           45Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   62m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   69m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               19m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            54m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        9m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        126m         63Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                188m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         2m           45Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   62m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   69m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           21Mi            
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-b5c894f48-bncmq               19m          162Mi           
cartservice-5779b5bfcc-4kmvr            54m          91Mi            
checkoutservice-5c6cb9bb57-q2r2m        9m           23Mi            
currencyservice-54765788db-psjw9        126m         63Mi            
emailservice-6b644f5f7c-mqcqw           3m           81Mi            
frontend-97b8cc79f-qzwdv                188m         36Mi            
paymentservice-68b7fbcdd5-rd7ms         2m           45Mi            
productcatalogservice-f98bbc69f-wrt8m   62m          26Mi            
recommendationservice-c89c99f56-cjjzt   69m          67Mi            
redis-cart-6d784cfd6f-v2krn             6m           10Mi            
shippingservice-545fd6976f-sdg8p        8m           21Mi            
