NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           113Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              1m           37Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           113Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              1m           37Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           113Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              1m           37Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           113Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              1m           37Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           113Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              1m           37Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           113Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              1m           37Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           113Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              1m           37Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           113Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              1m           37Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           113Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              1m           37Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           113Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              1m           37Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           113Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              1m           37Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           113Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              1m           37Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           113Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              1m           37Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           113Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              1m           37Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           113Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              1m           37Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           113Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              1m           37Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           113Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              1m           37Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           113Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              1m           37Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                1m           113Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              1m           37Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                7m           114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              20m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         43m          28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                61m          19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   20m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   22m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                7m           114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              20m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         43m          28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                61m          19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   20m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   22m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                7m           114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              20m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         43m          28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                61m          19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   20m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   22m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                7m           114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              20m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         43m          28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                61m          19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   20m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   22m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                7m           114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              20m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         43m          28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                61m          19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   20m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   22m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                7m           114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              20m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         43m          28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                61m          19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   20m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   22m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                7m           114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              20m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         43m          28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                61m          19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   20m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   22m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                7m           114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              20m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         43m          28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                61m          19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   20m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   22m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                7m           114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              20m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         43m          28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                61m          19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   20m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   22m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                7m           114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              20m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         43m          28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                61m          19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   20m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   22m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                7m           114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              20m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         43m          28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                61m          19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   20m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   22m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                7m           114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              20m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         43m          28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                61m          19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   20m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   22m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                7m           114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              20m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         43m          28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                61m          19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   20m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   22m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                7m           114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              20m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         43m          28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                61m          19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   20m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   22m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                7m           114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              20m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         43m          28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                61m          19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   20m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   22m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                7m           114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              20m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         43m          28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                61m          19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   20m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   22m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                7m           114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              20m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         43m          28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                61m          19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   20m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   22m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                7m           114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              20m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         43m          28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                61m          19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   20m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   22m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                7m           114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              20m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         43m          28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                61m          19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   20m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   22m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                7m           114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              20m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         43m          28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                61m          19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   20m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   22m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                7m           114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              20m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         43m          28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                61m          19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   20m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   22m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                7m           114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              20m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         43m          28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                61m          19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   20m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   22m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                7m           114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              20m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         43m          28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                61m          19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   20m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   22m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                7m           114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              20m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         43m          28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                61m          19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   20m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   22m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                7m           114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              20m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         43m          28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                61m          19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   20m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   22m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                7m           114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              20m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         43m          28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                61m          19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   20m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   22m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                7m           114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              20m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         43m          28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                61m          19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   20m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   22m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                7m           114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              20m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         43m          28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                61m          19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   20m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   22m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                7m           114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              20m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         43m          28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                61m          19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   20m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   22m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                7m           114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              20m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         43m          28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                61m          19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   20m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   22m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                7m           114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              20m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         43m          28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                61m          19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   20m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   22m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                7m           114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              20m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         43m          28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                61m          19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   20m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   22m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                7m           114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              20m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         43m          28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                61m          19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   20m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   22m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                7m           114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              20m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         43m          28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                61m          19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   20m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   22m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                7m           114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              20m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         43m          28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                61m          19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   20m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   22m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                7m           114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              20m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         43m          28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                61m          19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   20m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   22m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                7m           114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              20m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         43m          28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                61m          19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   20m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   22m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                7m           114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              20m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         43m          28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                61m          19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   20m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   22m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                7m           114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              20m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         43m          28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                61m          19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   20m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   22m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                7m           114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              20m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         43m          28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                61m          19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   20m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   22m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                7m           114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              20m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         43m          28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                61m          19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   20m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   22m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                7m           114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              20m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         43m          28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                61m          19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   20m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   22m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                7m           114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              20m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         43m          28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                61m          19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   20m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   22m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                7m           114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              20m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         43m          28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                61m          19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   20m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   22m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                7m           114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              20m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         43m          28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                61m          19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   20m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   22m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                7m           114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              20m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         43m          28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                61m          19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   20m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   22m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                7m           114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              20m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         43m          28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                61m          19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   20m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   22m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                7m           114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              20m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         43m          28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                61m          19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   20m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   22m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                7m           114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              20m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         43m          28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                61m          19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   20m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   22m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                7m           114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              20m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         43m          28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                61m          19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   20m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   22m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                7m           114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              20m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         43m          28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                61m          19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   20m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   22m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                7m           114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              20m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         43m          28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                61m          19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   20m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   22m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                7m           114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              20m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         43m          28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                61m          19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   20m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   22m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                7m           114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              20m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         43m          28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                61m          19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   20m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   22m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                7m           114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              20m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         43m          28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                61m          19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   20m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   22m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                7m           114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              20m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         43m          28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                61m          19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   20m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   22m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                7m           114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              20m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         3m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         43m          28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                61m          19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   20m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   22m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              3m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          3m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                21m          114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              61m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         125m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                193m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   62m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   66m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                21m          114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              61m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         125m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                193m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   62m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   66m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                21m          114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              61m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         125m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                193m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   62m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   66m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                21m          114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              61m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         125m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                193m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   62m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   66m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                21m          114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              61m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         125m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                193m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   62m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   66m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                21m          114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              61m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         125m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                193m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   62m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   66m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                21m          114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              61m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         125m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                193m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   62m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   66m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                21m          114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              61m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         125m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                193m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   62m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   66m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                21m          114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              61m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         125m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                193m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   62m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   66m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                21m          114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              61m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         125m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                193m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   62m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   66m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                21m          114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              61m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         125m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                193m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   62m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   66m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                21m          114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              61m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         125m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                193m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   62m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   66m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                21m          114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              61m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         125m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                193m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   62m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   66m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                21m          114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              61m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         125m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                193m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   62m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   66m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                21m          114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              61m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         125m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                193m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   62m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   66m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                21m          114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              61m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         125m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                193m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   62m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   66m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                21m          114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              61m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         125m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                193m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   62m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   66m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                21m          114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              61m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         125m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                193m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   62m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   66m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                21m          114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              61m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         125m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                193m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   62m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   66m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                21m          114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              61m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         125m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                193m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   62m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   66m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                21m          114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              61m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         125m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                193m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   62m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   66m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                21m          114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              61m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         125m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                193m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   62m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   66m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                21m          114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              61m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         125m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                193m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   62m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   66m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                21m          114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              61m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         125m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                193m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   62m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   66m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                21m          114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              61m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         125m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                193m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   62m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   66m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                21m          114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              61m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         125m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                193m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   62m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   66m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                21m          114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              61m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         125m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                193m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   62m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   66m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                21m          114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              61m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         125m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                193m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   62m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   66m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                21m          114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              61m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         125m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                193m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   62m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   66m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                21m          114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              61m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         125m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                193m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   62m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   66m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                21m          114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              61m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         125m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                193m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   62m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   66m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                21m          114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              61m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         125m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                193m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   62m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   66m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                21m          114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              61m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         125m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                193m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   62m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   66m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                21m          114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              61m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         125m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                193m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   62m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   66m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                21m          114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              61m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         125m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                193m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   62m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   66m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                21m          114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              61m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         125m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                193m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   62m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   66m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                21m          114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              61m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         125m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                193m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   62m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   66m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                21m          114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              61m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         125m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                193m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   62m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   66m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                21m          114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              61m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         125m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                193m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   62m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   66m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                21m          114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              61m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         125m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                193m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   62m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   66m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                21m          114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              61m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         125m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                193m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   62m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   66m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                21m          114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              61m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         125m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                193m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   62m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   66m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                21m          114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              61m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         125m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                193m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   62m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   66m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                21m          114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              61m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         125m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                193m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   62m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   66m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                21m          114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              61m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         125m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                193m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   62m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   66m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                21m          114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              61m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         125m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                193m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   62m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   66m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                21m          114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              61m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         125m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                193m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   62m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   66m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                21m          114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              61m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         125m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                193m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   62m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   66m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                21m          114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              61m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         125m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                193m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   62m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   66m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                21m          114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              61m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         125m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                193m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   62m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   66m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                21m          114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              61m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         125m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                193m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   62m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   66m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                21m          114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              61m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         125m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                193m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   62m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   66m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                21m          114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              61m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         125m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                193m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   62m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   66m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                21m          114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              61m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         125m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                193m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   62m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   66m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                21m          114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              61m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         125m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                193m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   62m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   66m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                21m          114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              61m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         125m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                193m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   62m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   66m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                21m          114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              61m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         125m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                193m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   62m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   66m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                23m          114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              79m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         130m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          4m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   68m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                23m          114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              79m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         130m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          4m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   68m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                23m          114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              79m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         130m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          4m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   68m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                23m          114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              79m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         130m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          4m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   68m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                23m          114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              79m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         130m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          4m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   68m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                23m          114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              79m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         130m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          4m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   68m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                23m          114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              79m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         130m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          4m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   68m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                23m          114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              79m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         130m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          4m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   68m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                23m          114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              79m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         130m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          4m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   68m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                23m          114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              79m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         130m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          4m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   68m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                23m          114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              79m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         130m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          4m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   68m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                23m          114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              79m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         130m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          4m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   68m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                23m          114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              79m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         130m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          4m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   68m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                23m          114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              79m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         130m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          4m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   68m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                23m          114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              79m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         130m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          4m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   68m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                23m          114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              79m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         130m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          4m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   68m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                23m          114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              79m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         130m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          4m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   68m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                23m          114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              79m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         130m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          4m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   68m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                23m          114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              79m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         130m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          4m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   68m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                23m          114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              79m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         130m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          4m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   68m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                23m          114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              79m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         130m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          4m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   68m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                23m          114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              79m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         130m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          4m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   68m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                23m          114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              79m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         130m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          4m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   68m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                23m          114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              79m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         130m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          4m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   68m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                23m          114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              79m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         130m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          4m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   68m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                23m          114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              79m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         130m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          4m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   68m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                23m          114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              79m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         130m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          4m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   68m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                23m          114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              79m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         130m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          4m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   68m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                23m          114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              79m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         130m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          4m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   68m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                23m          114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              79m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         130m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          4m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   68m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                23m          114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              79m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         130m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          4m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   68m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                23m          114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              79m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         130m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          4m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   68m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                23m          114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              79m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         130m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          4m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   68m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                23m          114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              79m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         130m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          4m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   68m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                23m          114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              79m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         130m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          4m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   68m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                23m          114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              79m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         130m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          4m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   68m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                23m          114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              79m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         130m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          4m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   68m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                23m          114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              79m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         130m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          4m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   68m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                23m          114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              79m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         130m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          4m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   68m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                23m          114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              79m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         130m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          4m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   68m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                23m          114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              79m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         130m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          4m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   68m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                23m          114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              79m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         130m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          4m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   68m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                23m          114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              79m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         130m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          4m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   68m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                23m          114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              79m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         130m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          4m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   68m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                23m          114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              79m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         130m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          4m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   68m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                23m          114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              79m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         130m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          4m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   68m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                23m          114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              79m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         9m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         130m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          4m           17Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   68m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
