NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                2m           112Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              1m           36Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           18Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           40Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                2m           112Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              1m           36Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           18Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           40Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                2m           112Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              1m           36Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           18Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           40Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                2m           112Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              1m           36Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           18Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           40Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                2m           112Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              1m           36Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           18Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           40Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                2m           112Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              1m           36Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           18Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           40Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                2m           112Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              1m           36Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           18Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           40Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                2m           112Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              1m           36Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           18Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           40Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                2m           112Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              1m           36Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           18Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           40Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                2m           112Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              1m           36Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           18Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           40Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                2m           112Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              1m           36Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           18Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           40Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                2m           112Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              1m           36Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           18Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           40Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                2m           112Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              1m           36Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           18Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           40Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                2m           112Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              1m           36Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           18Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           40Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                2m           112Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              1m           36Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           18Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           40Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                2m           112Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              1m           36Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           18Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           40Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                2m           112Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              1m           36Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           18Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           40Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                2m           112Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              1m           36Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           18Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           40Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                2m           112Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              1m           36Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           18Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           40Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                2m           112Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              1m           36Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           18Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           40Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                2m           112Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              1m           36Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           18Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           40Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                2m           112Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              1m           36Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           18Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           40Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                2m           112Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              1m           36Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           18Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           40Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                2m           112Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              1m           36Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           18Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           40Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                2m           112Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              1m           36Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           18Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           40Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                2m           112Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              1m           36Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           18Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           40Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                2m           112Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              1m           36Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           18Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           40Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                2m           112Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              1m           36Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           18Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           40Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                2m           112Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              1m           36Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         1m           9Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         1m           18Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           40Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                1m           18Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          1m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   1m           9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   2m           41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              2m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          1m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                21m          113Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              38m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         74m          28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           40Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                89m          19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   29m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   31m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                21m          113Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              38m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         74m          28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           40Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                89m          19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   29m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   31m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                21m          113Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              38m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         74m          28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           40Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                89m          19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   29m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   31m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                21m          113Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              38m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         74m          28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           40Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                89m          19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   29m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   31m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                21m          113Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              38m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         74m          28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           40Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                89m          19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   29m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   31m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                21m          113Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              38m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         74m          28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           40Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                89m          19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   29m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   31m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                21m          113Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              38m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         74m          28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           40Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                89m          19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   29m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   31m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                21m          113Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              38m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         74m          28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           40Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                89m          19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   29m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   31m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                21m          113Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              38m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         74m          28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           40Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                89m          19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   29m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   31m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                21m          113Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              38m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         74m          28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           40Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                89m          19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   29m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   31m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                21m          113Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              38m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         74m          28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           40Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                89m          19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   29m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   31m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                21m          113Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              38m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         74m          28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           40Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                89m          19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   29m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   31m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                21m          113Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              38m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         74m          28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           40Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                89m          19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   29m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   31m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                21m          113Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              38m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         74m          28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           40Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                89m          19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   29m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   31m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                21m          113Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              38m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         74m          28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           40Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                89m          19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   29m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   31m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                21m          113Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              38m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         74m          28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           40Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                89m          19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   29m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   31m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                21m          113Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              38m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         74m          28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           40Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                89m          19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   29m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   31m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                21m          113Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              38m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         74m          28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           40Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                89m          19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   29m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   31m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                21m          113Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              38m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         74m          28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           40Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                89m          19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   29m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   31m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                21m          113Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              38m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         74m          28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           40Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                89m          19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   29m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   31m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                21m          113Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              38m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         74m          28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           40Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                89m          19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   29m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   31m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                21m          113Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              38m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         74m          28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           40Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                89m          19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   29m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   31m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                21m          113Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              38m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         74m          28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           40Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                89m          19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   29m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   31m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                21m          113Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              38m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         74m          28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           40Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                89m          19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   29m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   31m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                21m          113Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              38m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         74m          28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           40Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                89m          19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   29m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   31m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                21m          113Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              38m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         74m          28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           40Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                89m          19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   29m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   31m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                21m          113Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              38m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         74m          28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           40Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                89m          19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   29m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   31m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                21m          113Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              38m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         74m          28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           40Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                89m          19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   29m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   31m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                21m          113Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              38m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         74m          28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           40Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                89m          19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   29m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   31m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                21m          113Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              38m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         74m          28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           40Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                89m          19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   29m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   31m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                21m          113Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              38m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         74m          28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           40Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                89m          19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   29m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   31m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                21m          113Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              38m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         74m          28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           40Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                89m          19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   29m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   31m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                21m          113Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              38m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         74m          28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           40Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                89m          19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   29m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   31m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                21m          113Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              38m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         74m          28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           40Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                89m          19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   29m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   31m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                21m          113Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              38m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         74m          28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           40Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                89m          19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   29m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   31m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                21m          113Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              38m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         74m          28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           40Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                89m          19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   29m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   31m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                21m          113Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              38m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         74m          28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           40Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                89m          19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   29m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   31m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                21m          113Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              38m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         74m          28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           40Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                89m          19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   29m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   31m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                21m          113Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              38m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         74m          28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           40Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                89m          19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   29m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   31m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                21m          113Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              38m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         74m          28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           40Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                89m          19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   29m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   31m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                21m          113Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              38m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         74m          28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           40Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                89m          19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   29m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   31m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                21m          113Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              38m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         74m          28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           40Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                89m          19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   29m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   31m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                21m          113Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              38m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         74m          28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           40Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                89m          19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   29m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   31m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                21m          113Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              38m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         74m          28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           40Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                89m          19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   29m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   31m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                21m          113Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              38m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         74m          28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           40Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                89m          19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   29m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   31m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                21m          113Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              38m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         74m          28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           40Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                89m          19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   29m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   31m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                21m          113Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              38m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         74m          28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           40Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                89m          19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   29m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   31m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                21m          113Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              38m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         74m          28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           40Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                89m          19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   29m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   31m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                21m          113Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              38m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         74m          28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           40Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                89m          19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   29m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   31m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                21m          113Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              38m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         74m          28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           40Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                89m          19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   29m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   31m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                21m          113Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              38m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         74m          28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           40Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                89m          19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   29m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   31m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                21m          113Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              38m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         74m          28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           40Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                89m          19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   29m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   31m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                21m          113Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              38m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         74m          28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           40Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                89m          19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   29m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   31m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                21m          113Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              38m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         74m          28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           40Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                89m          19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   29m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   31m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                21m          113Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              38m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         74m          28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           40Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                89m          19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   29m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   31m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                21m          113Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              38m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         4m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         74m          28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              2m           40Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                89m          19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          2m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   29m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   31m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              4m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          4m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                33m          113Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              83m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         129m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   68m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                33m          113Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              83m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         129m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   68m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                33m          113Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              83m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         129m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   68m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                33m          113Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              83m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         129m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   68m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                33m          113Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              83m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         129m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   68m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                33m          113Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              83m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         129m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   68m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                33m          113Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              83m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         129m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   68m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                33m          113Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              83m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         129m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   68m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                33m          113Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              83m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         129m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   68m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                33m          113Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              83m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         129m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   68m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                33m          113Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              83m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         129m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   68m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                33m          113Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              83m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         129m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   68m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                33m          113Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              83m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         129m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   68m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                33m          113Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              83m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         129m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   68m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                33m          113Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              83m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         129m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   68m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                33m          113Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              83m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         129m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   68m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                33m          113Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              83m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         129m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   68m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                33m          113Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              83m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         129m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   68m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                33m          113Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              83m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         129m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   68m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                33m          113Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              83m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         129m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   68m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                33m          113Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              83m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         129m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   68m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                33m          113Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              83m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         129m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   68m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                33m          113Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              83m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         129m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   68m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                33m          113Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              83m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         129m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   68m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                33m          113Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              83m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         129m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   68m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                33m          113Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              83m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         129m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   68m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                33m          113Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              83m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         129m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   68m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                33m          113Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              83m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         129m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   68m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                33m          113Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              83m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         129m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   68m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                33m          113Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              83m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         129m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   68m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                33m          113Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              83m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         129m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   68m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                33m          113Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              83m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         129m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   68m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                33m          113Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              83m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         129m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   68m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                33m          113Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              83m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         129m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   68m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                33m          113Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              83m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         129m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   68m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                33m          113Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              83m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         129m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   68m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                33m          113Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              83m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         129m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   68m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                33m          113Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              83m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         129m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   68m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                33m          113Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              83m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         129m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   68m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                33m          113Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              83m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         129m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   68m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                33m          113Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              83m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         129m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   68m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                33m          113Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              83m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         129m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   68m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                33m          113Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              83m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         129m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   68m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                33m          113Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              83m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         129m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   68m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                33m          113Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              83m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         129m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   68m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                33m          113Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              83m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         129m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   68m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                33m          113Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              83m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         129m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   68m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                33m          113Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              83m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         129m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   68m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                33m          113Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              83m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         129m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   68m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                33m          113Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              83m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         129m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   68m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                33m          113Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              83m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         129m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   68m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                33m          113Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              83m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         129m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   68m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                33m          113Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              83m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         129m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   68m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                33m          113Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              83m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         129m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   68m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                33m          113Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              83m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         129m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   68m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                33m          113Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              83m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         129m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   68m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                33m          113Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              83m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         129m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              4m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                194m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   63m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   68m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                24m          114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              81m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         126m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   67m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                24m          114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              81m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         126m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   67m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                24m          114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              81m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         126m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   67m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                24m          114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              81m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         126m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   67m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                24m          114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              81m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         126m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   67m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                24m          114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              81m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         126m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   67m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                24m          114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              81m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         126m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   67m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                24m          114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              81m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         126m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   67m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                24m          114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              81m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         126m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   67m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                24m          114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              81m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         126m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   67m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                24m          114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              81m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         126m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   67m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                24m          114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              81m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         126m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   67m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                24m          114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              81m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         126m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   67m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                24m          114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              81m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         126m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   67m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                24m          114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              81m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         126m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   67m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                24m          114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              81m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         126m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   67m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                24m          114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              81m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         126m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   67m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                24m          114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              81m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         126m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   67m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                24m          114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              81m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         126m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   67m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                24m          114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              81m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         126m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   67m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                24m          114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              81m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         126m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   67m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                24m          114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              81m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         126m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   67m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                24m          114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              81m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         126m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   67m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                24m          114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              81m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         126m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   67m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                24m          114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              81m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         126m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   67m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                24m          114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              81m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         126m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   67m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                24m          114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              81m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         126m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   67m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                24m          114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              81m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         126m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   67m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                24m          114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              81m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         126m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   67m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                24m          114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              81m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         126m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   67m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                24m          114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              81m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         126m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   67m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                24m          114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              81m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         126m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   67m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                24m          114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              81m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         126m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   67m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                24m          114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              81m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         126m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   67m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                24m          114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              81m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         126m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   67m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                24m          114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              81m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         126m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   67m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                24m          114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              81m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         126m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   67m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
NAME                                     CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-7d99fdb9d-sfhvf                24m          114Mi           
cartservice-775849795-fvq62              81m          37Mi            
checkoutservice-585b6456c9-qmttx         8m           8Mi             
currencyservice-6565879fb8-5qmpf         126m         28Mi            
emailservice-7d89b4cf-hcxzk              3m           41Mi            
frontend-647c97bb65-nrdnq                195m         19Mi            
paymentservice-5846ccfb5f-lgwhc          3m           16Mi            
productcatalogservice-5fc7cc5dc7-zbrrf   62m          9Mi             
recommendationservice-858d7cf8f8-drfhd   67m          41Mi            
redis-cart-85d8bcbfff-z7mmh              6m           3Mi             
shippingservice-dfc8dc779-bsdhq          8m           8Mi             
