NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           93Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           27Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           14Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           93Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           27Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           14Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           93Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           27Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           14Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           93Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           27Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           14Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           93Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           27Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           14Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           93Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           27Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           14Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           93Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           27Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           14Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           93Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           27Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           14Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           93Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           27Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           14Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           93Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           27Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           14Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           93Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           27Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           14Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           93Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           27Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           14Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           93Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           27Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           14Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           93Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           27Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           14Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           93Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           27Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           14Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           93Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           27Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           14Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           93Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           27Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           14Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           93Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           27Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           14Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           93Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           27Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           14Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           93Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           27Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           14Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           93Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           27Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           14Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           93Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           27Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           14Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              2m           93Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             1m           33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           7Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        1m           27Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                1m           14Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   1m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   2m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              11m          96Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             15m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        15m          28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                22m          14Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   8m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   6m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              11m          96Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             15m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        15m          28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                22m          14Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   8m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   6m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              11m          96Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             15m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        15m          28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                22m          14Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   8m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   6m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              11m          96Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             15m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        15m          28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                22m          14Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   8m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   6m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              11m          96Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             15m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        15m          28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                22m          14Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   8m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   6m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              11m          96Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             15m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        15m          28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                22m          14Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   8m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   6m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              11m          96Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             15m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        15m          28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                22m          14Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   8m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   6m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              11m          96Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             15m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        15m          28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                22m          14Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   8m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   6m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              11m          96Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             15m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        15m          28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                22m          14Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   8m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   6m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              11m          96Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             15m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        15m          28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                22m          14Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   8m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   6m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              11m          96Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             15m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        15m          28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                22m          14Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   8m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   6m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              11m          96Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             15m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        15m          28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                22m          14Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   8m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   6m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              11m          96Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             15m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        15m          28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                22m          14Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   8m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   6m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              11m          96Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             15m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        15m          28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                22m          14Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   8m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   6m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              11m          96Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             15m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        15m          28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                22m          14Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   8m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   6m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              11m          96Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             15m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        15m          28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                22m          14Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   8m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   6m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              11m          96Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             15m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        15m          28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                22m          14Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   8m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   6m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              11m          96Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             15m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        15m          28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                22m          14Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   8m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   6m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              11m          96Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             15m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        15m          28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                22m          14Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   8m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   6m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              11m          96Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             15m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        15m          28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                22m          14Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   8m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   6m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              11m          96Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             15m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        15m          28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                22m          14Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   8m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   6m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              11m          96Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             15m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        15m          28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                22m          14Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   8m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   6m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              11m          96Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             15m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        15m          28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                22m          14Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   8m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   6m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              11m          96Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             15m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        15m          28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                22m          14Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   8m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   6m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              11m          96Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             15m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        15m          28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                22m          14Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   8m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   6m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              11m          96Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             15m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        15m          28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                22m          14Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   8m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   6m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              11m          96Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             15m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        15m          28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                22m          14Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   8m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   6m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              11m          96Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             15m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        15m          28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                22m          14Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   8m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   6m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              11m          96Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             15m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        15m          28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                22m          14Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   8m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   6m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              11m          96Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             15m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        15m          28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                22m          14Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   8m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   6m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              11m          96Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             15m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        15m          28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                22m          14Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   8m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   6m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              11m          96Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             15m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        15m          28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                22m          14Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   8m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   6m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              11m          96Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             15m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        15m          28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                22m          14Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   8m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   6m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              11m          96Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             15m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        15m          28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                22m          14Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   8m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   6m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              11m          96Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             15m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        15m          28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                22m          14Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   8m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   6m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              11m          96Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             15m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        15m          28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                22m          14Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   8m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   6m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              11m          96Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             15m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        15m          28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                22m          14Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   8m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   6m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              11m          96Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             15m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        15m          28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                22m          14Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   8m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   6m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              11m          96Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             15m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        15m          28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                22m          14Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   8m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   6m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              11m          96Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             15m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        15m          28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                22m          14Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   8m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   6m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              11m          96Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             15m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        15m          28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                22m          14Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   8m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   6m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              11m          96Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             15m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        15m          28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                22m          14Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   8m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   6m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              11m          96Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             15m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        15m          28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                22m          14Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   8m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   6m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              11m          96Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             15m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        15m          28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                22m          14Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   8m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   6m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              11m          96Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             15m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        15m          28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                22m          14Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   8m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   6m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              11m          96Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             15m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        15m          28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                22m          14Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   8m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   6m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              11m          96Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             15m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        15m          28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                22m          14Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   8m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   6m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              11m          96Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             15m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        15m          28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                22m          14Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   8m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   6m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              11m          96Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             15m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        15m          28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                22m          14Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   8m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   6m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              11m          96Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             15m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        15m          28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                22m          14Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   8m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   6m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              11m          96Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             15m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        15m          28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                22m          14Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   8m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   6m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              11m          96Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             15m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        15m          28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                22m          14Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   8m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   6m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              11m          96Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             15m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        15m          28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                22m          14Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   8m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   6m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              11m          96Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             15m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        15m          28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                22m          14Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   8m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   6m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              11m          96Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             15m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        15m          28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                22m          14Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   8m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   6m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              11m          96Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             15m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        15m          28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                22m          14Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   8m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   6m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              11m          96Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             15m          34Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        1m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        15m          28Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                22m          14Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           14Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   8m           8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   6m           39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             2m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        1m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              11m          94Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             35m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        42m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                63m          14Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   21m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   14m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              11m          94Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             35m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        42m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                63m          14Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   21m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   14m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              11m          94Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             35m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        42m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                63m          14Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   21m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   14m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              11m          94Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             35m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        42m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                63m          14Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   21m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   14m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              11m          94Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             35m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        42m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                63m          14Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   21m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   14m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              11m          94Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             35m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        42m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                63m          14Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   21m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   14m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              11m          94Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             35m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        42m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                63m          14Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   21m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   14m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              11m          94Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             35m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        42m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                63m          14Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   21m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   14m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              11m          94Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             35m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        42m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                63m          14Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   21m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   14m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              11m          94Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             35m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        42m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                63m          14Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   21m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   14m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              11m          94Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             35m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        42m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                63m          14Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   21m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   14m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              11m          94Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             35m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        42m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                63m          14Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   21m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   14m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              11m          94Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             35m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        42m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                63m          14Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   21m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   14m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              11m          94Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             35m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        42m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                63m          14Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   21m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   14m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              11m          94Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             35m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        42m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                63m          14Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   21m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   14m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              11m          94Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             35m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        42m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                63m          14Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   21m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   14m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              11m          94Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             35m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        42m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                63m          14Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   21m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   14m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              11m          94Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             35m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        42m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                63m          14Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   21m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   14m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              11m          94Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             35m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        42m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                63m          14Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   21m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   14m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              11m          94Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             35m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        42m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                63m          14Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   21m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   14m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              11m          94Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             35m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        42m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                63m          14Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   21m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   14m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              11m          94Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             35m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        42m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                63m          14Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   21m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   14m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              11m          94Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             35m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        42m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                63m          14Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   21m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   14m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              11m          94Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             35m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        42m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                63m          14Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   21m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   14m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              11m          94Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             35m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        42m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                63m          14Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   21m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   14m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              11m          94Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             35m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        42m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                63m          14Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   21m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   14m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              11m          94Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             35m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        42m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                63m          14Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   21m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   14m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              11m          94Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             35m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        42m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                63m          14Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   21m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   14m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              11m          94Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             35m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        42m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                63m          14Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   21m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   14m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              11m          94Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             35m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        42m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                63m          14Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   21m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   14m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              11m          94Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             35m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        42m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                63m          14Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   21m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   14m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              11m          94Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             35m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        42m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                63m          14Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   21m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   14m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              11m          94Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             35m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        42m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                63m          14Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   21m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   14m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              11m          94Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             35m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        42m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                63m          14Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   21m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   14m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              11m          94Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             35m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        42m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                63m          14Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   21m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   14m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              11m          94Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             35m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        42m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                63m          14Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   21m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   14m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              11m          94Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             35m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        42m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                63m          14Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   21m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   14m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              11m          94Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             35m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        42m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                63m          14Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   21m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   14m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              11m          94Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             35m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        42m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                63m          14Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   21m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   14m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              11m          94Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             35m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        42m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                63m          14Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   21m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   14m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              11m          94Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             35m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        42m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                63m          14Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   21m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   14m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              11m          94Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             35m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        42m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                63m          14Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   21m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   14m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              11m          94Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             35m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        42m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                63m          14Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   21m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   14m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              11m          94Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             35m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        42m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                63m          14Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   21m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   14m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              11m          94Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             35m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        42m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                63m          14Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   21m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   14m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              11m          94Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             35m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        42m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                63m          14Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   21m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   14m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              11m          94Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             35m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        42m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                63m          14Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   21m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   14m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              11m          94Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             35m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        42m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                63m          14Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   21m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   14m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              11m          94Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             35m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        42m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                63m          14Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   21m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   14m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              11m          94Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             35m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        42m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                63m          14Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   21m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   14m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              11m          94Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             35m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        42m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                63m          14Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   21m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   14m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              11m          94Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             35m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        42m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                63m          14Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   21m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   14m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              11m          94Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             35m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        42m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                63m          14Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   21m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   14m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              11m          94Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             35m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        42m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                63m          14Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   21m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   14m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              11m          94Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             35m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        42m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                63m          14Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   21m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   14m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              11m          94Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             35m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        42m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                63m          14Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   21m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   14m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              11m          94Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             35m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        42m          29Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                63m          14Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   21m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   14m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        2m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              8m           94Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             26m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        45m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                69m          14Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   23m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   15m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              8m           94Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             26m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        45m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                69m          14Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   23m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   15m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              8m           94Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             26m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        45m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                69m          14Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   23m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   15m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              8m           94Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             26m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        45m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                69m          14Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   23m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   15m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              8m           94Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             26m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        45m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                69m          14Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   23m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   15m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              8m           94Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             26m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        45m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                69m          14Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   23m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   15m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              8m           94Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             26m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        45m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                69m          14Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   23m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   15m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              8m           94Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             26m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        45m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                69m          14Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   23m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   15m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              8m           94Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             26m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        45m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                69m          14Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   23m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   15m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              8m           94Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             26m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        45m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                69m          14Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   23m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   15m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              8m           94Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             26m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        45m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                69m          14Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   23m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   15m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              8m           94Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             26m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        45m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                69m          14Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   23m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   15m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              8m           94Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             26m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        45m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                69m          14Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   23m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   15m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              8m           94Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             26m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        45m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                69m          14Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   23m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   15m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              8m           94Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             26m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        45m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                69m          14Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   23m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   15m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              8m           94Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             26m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        45m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                69m          14Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   23m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   15m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              8m           94Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             26m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        45m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                69m          14Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   23m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   15m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              8m           94Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             26m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        45m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                69m          14Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   23m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   15m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              8m           94Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             26m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        45m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                69m          14Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   23m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   15m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              8m           94Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             26m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        45m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                69m          14Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   23m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   15m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              8m           94Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             26m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        45m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                69m          14Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   23m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   15m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              8m           94Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             26m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        45m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                69m          14Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   23m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   15m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              8m           94Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             26m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        45m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                69m          14Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   23m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   15m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              8m           94Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             26m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        45m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                69m          14Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   23m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   15m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              8m           94Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             26m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        45m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                69m          14Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   23m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   15m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              8m           94Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             26m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        45m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                69m          14Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   23m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   15m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              8m           94Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             26m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        45m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                69m          14Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   23m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   15m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              8m           94Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             26m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        45m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                69m          14Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   23m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   15m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              8m           94Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             26m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        45m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                69m          14Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   23m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   15m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              8m           94Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             26m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        45m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                69m          14Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   23m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   15m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              8m           94Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             26m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        45m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                69m          14Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   23m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   15m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              8m           94Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             26m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        45m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                69m          14Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   23m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   15m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              8m           94Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             26m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        45m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                69m          14Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   23m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   15m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              8m           94Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             26m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        45m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                69m          14Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   23m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   15m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              8m           94Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             26m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        45m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                69m          14Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   23m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   15m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              8m           94Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             26m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        45m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                69m          14Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   23m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   15m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              8m           94Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             26m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        45m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                69m          14Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   23m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   15m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              8m           94Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             26m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        45m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                69m          14Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   23m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   15m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              8m           94Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             26m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        45m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                69m          14Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   23m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   15m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              8m           94Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             26m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        45m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                69m          14Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   23m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   15m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              8m           94Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             26m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        45m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                69m          14Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   23m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   15m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              8m           94Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             26m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        45m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                69m          14Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   23m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   15m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           7Mi             
NAME                                    CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
adservice-58465dcf59-jgfsr              8m           94Mi            
cartservice-9c89fbd58-msgrn             26m          33Mi            
checkoutservice-7fbdff7d5b-fnjdz        2m           8Mi             
currencyservice-658485df5f-rs5wx        45m          30Mi            
emailservice-6f64c7f5d-xk7h7            2m           40Mi            
frontend-748bbb7b6-vkpsc                69m          14Mi            
paymentservice-db46d67cd-6x4js          1m           15Mi            
productcatalogservice-844fd86f8-5vn9m   23m          8Mi             
recommendationservice-6bfc66ff7-hd2m6   15m          39Mi            
redis-cart-69898b6bcb-hc4t9             3m           2Mi             
shippingservice-759c75ddd8-7rlh2        3m           7Mi             
